---
Title: The End of Globalism, AI Acceleration & the Political Horseshoe | Alex Campbell
Channel: Forward Guidance
Date: 2026-01-14
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuMKR4Y2uEY
---

This episode is brought to you by
Gayscale, your trusted gateway to more
than 30 different crypto investment
products. You'll hear more about them
later in the episode. Nothing said on
for guidance is a recommendation to buy
or sell any investments or products.
This podcast is forformational purposes
only and the views expressed by anyone
on the show are solely their opinions,
not financial advice or necessarily the
views of Blockworks. Our hosts, guests,
and the Blockworks team may hold
positions in the company's funds or
projects discussed. All
right, everybody. Welcome back to
another episode of Forward Guidance. And
joining me today is, I think for the
third time now, Alex Campbell, founder
of Rose AI, former head of commodities
at Bridgewater. He's run his own global
macro funds. He is uh he's a he's a
Swiss Army knife. You've done a lot of
different things in your days, and I
feel like you're just always on the the
bleeding edge of what's what's happening
in the world. You have a lot of great
ways to think about it. Um, so always
great to have you on, Alex.
&gt;&gt; It's very nice of you and, uh, thank you
for having me. You know, I've been told
I'm on the the far edge of what's
reasonable. So, uh, it's a very good
compliment you just gave me. So, thank
you. Great to see you, man.
&gt;&gt; Likewise. Um, man, it's so funny. Like,
obviously the last couple months,
precious metals has been the froth
trait, and you've been writing about
silver especially for the past year and
a half. Um, so, first off, I just want
to give you props for banging the drum
on that trade. Um, you've been hammering
the idea of of being super bullish
silver. You've been writing about it for
ages since Yeah, I'm sure at least below
30, probably even lower, honestly. Um,
and here we are. And I actually I shared
one of the articles that you you
published the other week and it just
went crazy viral. And I was like, "Oh my
god, like local top at least in silver."
Like I've been reading your stuff for
ages and it like I don't know just the
fact that it just went that viral that
quickly talking about silver. I was
like, "Okay, there's something going on
here." But anyway, I want to give you
props. I want to give you, you know,
just a an open open venue to discuss how
you've been thinking about that precious
metals trade, especially in relation to
silver. Um, and yeah, and just kind of
hear about how that evolution of that
trade's been going for you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, sir. Yeah, and it was
certainly a local top for my uh
viewership. So, I appreciate that.
&gt;&gt; You got a lot of influence, man. You're
really, you know, you're you're creating
the movers and shakers here. No, I'm
very appreciative. Um, you know, I've
been, we talked about this the last time
and the time before, but I've been kind
of both a precious bull and an AI bull.
And so for me, silver was always kind of
the combination of those two things. Um,
you know, I'd been a a gold guy back in
1820, 20, 21, 22, mostly on the China
trade, the kind of long gold, short R&amp;B,
the banking system. You know, I've
written more words on that than probably
anyone, including me, wants to to read.
Uh and it was a couple years ago I
started getting you know started with a
little bit of history of just the
history of uh bimetalism and kind of
actually looking at China and the opium
wars and it was basically fought over
silver and stuff and it got me thinking
just to look at it a little bit more and
so I think it was yeah about a year and
a half ago where I started going deeper
and you know saw that we were in a
deficit uh supply demand deficit but
kind of wasn't paying too much attention
to it and started digging into where the
the demand growth came from and and you
It was a series of of times where you
kind of have to get hit in the head a
little bit with it where it was like,
"Wait a second, it's going into solar
panels. Like, wait a second, we're going
to make a lot more solar panels. Wait a
second. Like, the new solar panels use a
lot more silver." And you know what's
become a little bit more recently known
as, "Wait a second, they're going to try
to replace some of this silver with
copper, but that's going to take a
little while." Um, and and then just a
lot of time with, you know, chat bots,
frankly, going back and forth just to
check the math, right? and being like,
"Okay, how many grams per watt? How many
ounces per watt?" I mean, the thing
about precious and commodities in
general, you spend a lot of time with
units that are really annoying. Like
anyone who's in that gas is like, "Oh my
god, MMBTU versus metric tons versus
volume versus weight. I forgot on all
the units." And um you get that
phenomenon right now with what's going
on in the markets where we have
different silver prices in different
parts of the world um because of this
kind of dislocation. But but that was
kind of where the the kind of love
affair started. It was this notion of
wait a second we need more energy and
yes most of it will come from net gas
and a lot of it will come from nuclear
even though that'll take some time but
you know the greenest version of that
energy is basically solar which
means that and this is the synthesis in
kind of one sentence that silver now has
a yield a positive yield and when that
realization hit me that you know the the
hair started going up the back of my
neck I thought about starting a silver
mine or finding a recycling plant or
something. Um because you know, you used
to get paid a yield for your gold and
silver. You'd go to the bank and you'd
say, "Here's my money." And then they
would pay you interest. Um and since we
moved to fiat, you know, you have to pay
the bank to store your stuff. But the
notion that that negative carry is
actually positive and actually quite
positive when you, you know, to build in
capex to build a panel and a you know,
all the energy infrastructure, but that
you can actually get a yield out of
that. And so my favorite trades and my
favorite positions are always kind of
positive convexity, positive yield or
positive expected value if you can get
that. And uh and so that's where it kind
of all started. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's awesome. Yeah. And then here we
are. We are, you know, feels like people
are trying to figure out we're we're in
the parabola. We we've had the parabola.
We've had a couple pretty violent moves
in both directions over the last week.
And so yeah, where do you see it playing
out here? And you know, is how do you
see the other precious metals complex as
well? Yeah. So any asset that moves at
like a 5Z or 4Z you should be sus
suspicious of first of all. So like that
is in everyone's mind. Um, I think that
also works against you as a bull
sometimes because the reasons that
you're long,
you know, will be respect responsive to
price, but it takes a while and also you
can kind of lose confidence in
feeling that kind of energy that the
world is giving you of, oh, this thing's
too expensive, this thing's too
expensive. And the kind of slam dunk for
me on silver, which happened in the
spring of this year, was when I looked
into supply side because obviously, yes,
higher prices means less people buy
jewelry, although not always because
it's kind of like a bevelyn good. Um,
but you know, maybe this copper
substitution timelines kind of
accelerate, but the big thing was that
supply can't respond. Uh, so if you look
at oil or you look at a lot of these
other, you know, kind of classic
commodities, very high prices leads to
supply in a in a short order. you get
more investment, they open the taps,
that kind of thing. But I think it's
something like 70% of silver is is a
byproduct of something else, which means
that there's basically no price response
of silver. That's a overstatement, but
you you get what I'm saying where you
can't just say, "Oh, the price is high.
Let's mine a bunch more." It's like,
well, you have this big operation
getting like, you know, I don't know,
tin or copper. I mean, I'm not even an
expert in what the byproducts are. I
just learn this stuff and write it down
and then it leaves my head. But like um
that means you have both price and
elastic supply and price and elastic
demand. And that's where we are right
now. And so now you are at the classic
stage where this goes from an
abstraction to a reality. The west has
silver. The west has decent inventories
in comics. London is kind of the halfway
house. And silver's going from, you
know, New York to London to Shanghai and
Dubai and and and the east. basically
it's going east like in the old days and
that's why the prices are you know 5 10
sometimes 15% higher that's why physical
price is so high um and yes it can be a
speculative mania thing but one like you
know if you're a person who believes
that there is an argument for precious
metals in general for reserve
accumulation diversification against
treasuries uh households in the east
that are worried about their currencies
and their balance sheets um those things
are definitely not going away and those
will get more intense the higher the
price goes, right? That's the kind of
speculative mania. There's not that much
inventory. There's only eight times as
much silver as there is as gold,
although it was trading at 100 times
less previous to the big rally. Uh, and
so I think, you know, there are bearish
pressures. There's kind of meme going
around about the index rebalancing. That
makes sense. Um, you know, the price
appreciation has been very fast, so you
get speculative speculative shorting
against it. That makes sense. And, you
know, the copper substitution timeline
will be pulled forward. But I don't
think that these solve the fundamental
demand supply imbalance in the next
three to six months. So I'm still
bullish on a six-month time horizon. I'm
not as bullish. I I went down from a
very high weight of silver early last
year to kind of a very like not stupidly
high to now just like a big position, I
guess. But but I've shifted into options
as well. So, I kind of got out of, you
know, ETFs and futures and moved into
options that try to take advantage of uh
wanting optionality at the current price
and being willing to buy it and being
willing to sell optionality way up in
the money. And I've been kind of
crawling up the curve as we do that. And
I think that's kind of the safe way to
play these extreme
rallies because, you know, for example,
if silver gets to 100, the world might
look different than it is when it's at
75. And right now, I'm happy to flatten
out at 700, at that 100 or, you know,
lose some of my delta as we call it. But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I also said that at 50, right? And I
also said that at 40 and at 60. And so I
try to crawl up that curve um and take
advantage of the people who are willing
to buy 100 strike calls at crazy levels
and use that to finance my 70 strike
because I actually want the
directionality and and when you have
when you have I used to be a V guy, but
when you have implied V this high, you
don't get great value out of buying the
deep calls.
&gt;&gt; You got to be perfect on the timing and
perfect on the direction. And so I just
kind of want that delta and I want to
not get my face ripped off if the thing
falls 40%. And if it does I'll buy. And
so that's kind of where I'm at. You
know, this is the nice part where, you
know, it's like you're a venture
investor and you're seed company is up
at the series, you know, I think data
bricks is like series L, but like let's
say series F. And uh, you know, you're
not going to get upset by a bad quarter,
right? And so that's how I think you
should think about it.
&gt;&gt; If you're thinking about crypto
investing but don't want to open a new
account or manage keys and wallets,
check out Grayscale. Grayscale has been
offering trusted crypto investment
products for over a decade with 30 plus
counting, including single asset funds
like Bitcoin and Ethereum, diversified
portfolios, and thematic exposure to the
broader digital asset space. Many of
their products are available directly
through your brokerage or IRA, just like
a stock or ETF. Investing involves
risks, including possible loss of
principle. For more information and
important disclosures, visit
gayscale.com. As always, investments and
blockchain technology involve risk,
terms, and conditions apply. Do your own
research. Nice. I love that. I love that
explanation. And yeah, it's always it's
always helpful to hear how do you risk
manage through the parabola phase
because that's where it can get really
dicey and difficult. Even though you're
directionally right, the thesis is
playing out. It's like how do I stay on
when implied fall is where it's at and
it's tough. So that was yeah that was
helpful. Um all right so I want to level
up the conversation now we got the
tactical stuff out of the way and you
you just actually published an article
today talking about the 26 trades for
for 2026 and also just around some some
very large thematic themes that you've
been thinking about. Um, and there's
three of them. And I want to start with
the the first big thematic theme because
that ties into what we just talked about
in terms of these supply demand
mismatches between commodities and also
just this this resource hoarding like
you know commodities are not fungeible.
There's different prices in different
markets and I think that's going to be
something that's very important for the
next couple years to consider. So with
with that in mind, I would just love to
hear like what's that big first thematic
theme around, you know, different
hemispheres hoarding these these these
resources in this way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So the big thesis there is
I'm not like super original on this but
I think I I was probably you know 80th
percentile early not like 100th
percentile early but just like the death
of globalism which is now fully within
you know the overton window but the
post-war order was basically founded
upon American
hegemony also naval hegemony
predominantly back to mayor and those
guys but the the notion that you know
you don't have fight when you can trade
and that means that you might not be
able to get your, you know, tungsten at
the cheapest price, but you can probably
get it and it's not worth going to war
over. And, you know, the whole PAX
Americana and postw World War II kind of
nuclear order was definitely supportive
of that. And the West went a 100% into
this. You know, this has been back to
Wilson and that kind of thing. And it
came with this little assumption that
turned out to be very false, which was
if you trade with people, they will
inevitably
turn towards you, become more positive
some in their interactions and probably
liberalize and eventually democratize
and westernize. And that is not true.
Um, and you know, ironically broke the
Soviet Union by not doing that, right?
By kind of playing hard ball with them.
And then we turned around and played
super nice ball to China before it
decided to really decide to play ball
with us on the things we really cared
about. And we built what in retrospect
is a, you know, manufacturing monster of
our own creation. You know, Apple went
out and now they know how to make
iPhones better than we do. And now they
know how to make drones better than we
do. Now they know how to make, you know,
X and Y and Z better than we do. And
again, that's not a problem if it's like
Germany in 2002 where they're friendly
and they're rules-based order and they,
you know, participate in the
institutions and stuff, but what we see
is this constant, you know, and again,
the other side will say that that about
us, which is why the relationship is
deteriorating, but this constant zero
sum dynamic where it's like Lucy and the
football with, you know, Charlie Brown,
if you saw this growing up, you know,
Charlie's going to kick the football,
Lucy takes the football away, he falls
on his butt, and then he goes, "Oh, that
hurt." and she goes, "Ah, I won't do it
this time." And then he, you know, runs
and he tries to do it again. He falls in
his butt. Oh, I'll do it again. It's a
recurring cartoon for 40 years. And it's
felt like that with with China, right?
All the way back to Hong Kong. So, um,
you know, we have enough information,
not total information about their
intentions to know that it is at least
competitive and potentially worse. Uh,
and so what does that mean? Well, it
means that
the underlying arguments and logic for
mercantalism, you know, resource
nationalism, imperialism,
were mostly a function of a lack of
faith in an ability to procure the
resources you need in a peaceful way.
You know, and there's examples on both
sides going back hundreds and thousands
of years of people invading X because
they wanted some sort of asset or land
or claim or whatever. Um, and again,
when there's this hegeimon who's super
powerful and a rules-based order and you
can just buy that stuff, you don't have
to worry about it. But it becomes
existential when you can't guarantee
that supply, whether it's food or energy
or chips or, you know, some random
mineral on the table you've never heard
of with like 500 letters and it's not
that big of a market, but it's super
important to make XYZ. And um that's
what we're seeing today where you know
China did a very good job in securing
supply chains and going you know basic
industry up. They even think of it as
like first industry, second industry,
third industry in their economic reports
and they kind of built this you know
we'll take all the the grimy stuff that
you don't want to do and then create a
supply chain to refine our earth or you
know manufacture steel or xyz.
And now the west and and America in
particular can't can't make that stuff.
And so the death of globalism is is it
doesn't just mean oh the the probability
of conflict is higher because even if we
don't get actual shooting it means that
resource nationalism is is is actually a
really big deal. And so you're seeing
this all over the place with trade
restrictions tariffs you know strategic
investments scramble for various XYZ.
And the hope is that it doesn't turn
into kind of imperialism of the kind
that we had in the 1800s and the 1700s
and all the way back to the Egyptians or
whatever where it's like oh my god I
need my moldabenium or whatever. I got
to go next door and get it. Um, and so
we're in this kind of transition period.
And I think that's what you're seeing in
the metals obviously. Um, and I think
that's what you're seeing in the world.
Now, what's interesting is that it's not
really an oil story. It's actually the
opposite. It's more of a metals and
minerals and stuff story because the
crude market looks relatively well
supplied. And now with Venezuela, that's
probably going to get better. Now, it
could get worse for a while before it
gets better. And same with Iran. But you
know Iran and and Venezuela together in
their peak were like 30 40% of OPEC.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; So you can imagine that switching sides
game over for OPEC, right? And not that
OPEC really matters anymore because the
US is a swing producer of oil, but it
means that we might be very well
supplied barring some crazy supply chos
in in energy in oil in particular. And
so that's really good for miners because
miners tend to consume a lot of energy,
consume a lot of petroleum. If you ever
watched like Gold Rush, it's a favorite
vacation.
&gt;&gt; No, I haven't.
&gt;&gt; Zombie documentary of mine from like the
History Channel, whatever. But it's like
these like, you know, these groups of
like two to four guys and gals who go up
to Alaska and they literally just like,
you know, take rocks and like shake them
and like rinse them with water and then
they hope the gold particles like fall
into these little mats and they take the
mats out and they rinse them and that's
how they get like thousands of ounces of
gold or whatever. But they're using
incredible amounts of energy to do this.
Driving tractors around and earth moving
and ripping off, you know, 40 yards of
top soil and stuff. So, you know, very
interesting place for miners. I'm not a
mining expert, but you're seeing that in
the prices. So, that's where we are in
the movie. You know, I think this is a
10-year trend, not a two-year trend. Um,
because it takes a long time to set up
these supply chains, but that's kind of
where we are
&gt;&gt; as a first level. And then there's the
other two that kind of interact. But
yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so I'm just like curious on your
thoughts on this this era of you know
just call it comparative advantage where
you know we all trade and everybody
lives in Kumbaya basically like when now
okay now that we're in this transition
phase we're looking back at the past I
don't know 40 years or however long you
want us you want to call that era. What
are what are some of the takeaways we
can learn from that? like was any of it
actually, you know, a stable equilibrium
or was it just like the the point we're
at now isn't inevitable um and all it
took was X Y and Z to get to this point
and it was never sustainable. Um because
when you hear about these these tenets
of comparative advantage of globalism,
you hear about how okay these are these
are great things that have made the
world more prosperous and better. Um but
to your point, we just haven't really
acknowledged some of the secondary
effects. uh you know we saw this in
COVID right where suddenly we realize oh
we can't produce masks or
ventilators or pharmaceuticals it's all
in China um these are just like very you
know longtailed issues but there still
remains so yeah like what can we take
away from this 40-year experiment
&gt;&gt; I think the logic of comparative
advantage is still a law at some level
but it's a non ideological non
geopolitical non you know real
abstraction it just says if you make
apples and I make bananas and I focus on
bananas and you focus on apples, then we
can trade and we'll get more apples and
bananas than we would if we, you know,
just made both ourselves. Um, the
problem is like if my bananas turn into,
you know, Titan missiles or whatever,
it's like the big deal. So, um, that's
the that's the kind of lens on top,
which is like you should think about
free trade potentially as a club that
you get access to for good behavior. And
if you look at the behav like sanctions
behavior of the west and the US in
general over the past 20 years, 40
years, that's kind of the modus operand
we we kind of back into, which is you
get sanctions if you do something bad.
You know, we take we kick you out of the
club. Um, now the thing I think that and
I I don't want to go too into this
because it gets kind of, you know,
spooky scary or whatever, but I think
the thing that most people don't
appreciate is, you know, how much that
trade and the positive some
relationships on both sides when you
have a geopolitical rival leads to an
inability to deal with the problem
because a lot of your elites are frankly
captured. Um, and people have big, you
know, positions in in China. They China
holds big positions in them.
um there are supply chains that are
dependent on them. Like you know,
imagine you went to Tim Cook and you
said, "You got to get Apple tomorrow.
You gotta get Apple out of China
tomorrow." He'd be like, "Well, I have
10 billion, 100 billion reasons to say
no or whatever." And there's influence
involved in that and it's hard to move.
And that's something I think we're
vulnerable to as a kind of western
capitalist society as opposed to, you
know, China which says, "I don't want
daycarees anymore and there's no more
daycarees or, you know, kids have to
play video games and there's, you know,
and we have a little bit of that. It's
not 100% one versus the other, but yeah,
it it definitely feels like yes, you can
make more apples and I can make more
bananas, but do you want to? And you
know, does it make sense? And if we end
up in some sort of kumbaya world in 100
years where there's some like kooky
world government that everybody actually
doesn't hate and we can mediate all
these, you know, all these uh problems
via that system, then you can imagine it
being a global thing. But that probably
requires a true like creepy global
government with like space lasers and
like you know you know kind of what
Ilazer Yukowsky wants which is if you
build too many data centers you get
zapped from the sky or whatever. So
we're not there yet right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think what you've seen the the US
and specifically do is kind of say we
were pretending that we were that for 40
50 years but we're actually not. Um and
so we have to have our ambitions in line
with our capabilities.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the second big theme you
discuss is you say the acceleration is
real public and private participants
racing to secure supply chains of
critical minerals, energy and talent
that feed the hungry beast. What do you
mean there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the beast is AI. This is not a new
story, but you know it's very clear
there's some sort of platonic platonic
relationship between compute and
intelligence.
And more intelligence takes more compute
to train and more compute to use. And
compute is about chips and energy,
right? And so the energy, as we talked
about before, is a big ingredient.
That's hence the solar and the natural
gas and the and the nuclear. And then
the chips and all the things that go
into them and and the the ecosystem. And
so I think, you know, we were talking
about this a little bit before we got on
on air, but you know, if you started to
play with the more kind of
forward-leaning products or agents or,
you know, coding environments where the
the AI can actually take actions for you
and interact with your world.
&gt;&gt; And it's mostly happening in coding
right now because it's kind of a scoped
sandbox where like you can't blow up
stuff too much, but you start to get a
sense of like, you know, you feel the
AGI.
um you know the robots are basically as
smart as a human in these like scoped
paths now and and faster and so that
kind of logic is paying off and you can
extrapolate forward your demand for
compute and you're like oh my god we're
going to need more chips we're going to
need more video cards need more laptops
you know I had four or five literal
laptops talking to each other with
agents over the break and I feel like I
need to buy more computers you know it's
like 2002 or whatever I need more
computers and I I think that's also
going to happen in a really big way in
the next year or two at a local level.
So, we're all kind of socialized to the
cloud. Oh, the cloud's amazing. Go to
the cloud. The cloud's also a pain in
the butt to use. You got to like sign
into all these crazy systems. Like is
not user friendly at all. Like no one
who's not a developer wants to talk to
the cloud. Okay. But the tools and the
AI is almost at the point where if
you're a quant definitely if you're an
analyst at some investment bank, you can
probably figure it out. Um, and that
means you're going to want a a model
that runs on your computer. And there's
this magical feeling, and I'll get off
my soap box in a minute here, but
there's a magical feeling about running
a local model because you do kind of own
it. It's your model. You talk to it. No
one's looking at what you're saying. And
so, you know, when I benchmark Chinese
models versus American models, open
source, nonop source, and I ask them
about Taiwan, if you go to Deepseek or
you go to Gwen and you ask too many
questions about Taiwan or Penue or
whatever, they're going to record your
IP in some database, right? If you say a
bunch of crazy stuff to chatbt and then
you go do a bunch of crazy stuff, like
some lawyers are going to requisition
those chat logs. Like, that's not the
case when you're operating on a local
model. And I think that that's really
scary to people, but it's really I view
it as very empowering because um not
because of all the nefarious bits, just
because of the human potential of what
you can do when you can actually own
control like interact with something in
that way. And so Nvida came out with a
local desktop that's like a 100
gigabytes. Um it's kind of slow, but you
can kind of see it coming. you can see a
world where you actually have a, you
know, an agent that's pretty smart in
your headphones or in your, you know,
watch or in your a button that it
doesn't look like crap or whatever, you
know, and it doesn't go to the cloud. It
just like is there. And that is a world
where we need a lot more computers, man.
And so everything about that is kind of
getting priced in. there's probably a
little bit of a gap where the
expectations and the stories that the
you know frontier labs have to sell to
get the big enough compute to make the
next model are kind of going faster than
the actual compute. So I see kind of 28
29 is where I think it catches up and I
see a gap in 27 rough math. I could be
wrong but you can kind of see both
things happening. And then if you're
again if you're that seed investor in
open AI or anthropic who cares man you
know what I mean? Like they they're in
the lead. They have the future that 28
2930 is coming and um you know Anthropic
is worth 350. I'd probably buy it there.
So yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. that that explanation I think was
really help because that's a big thing
like you know we've been talking about
geopolitical game theory stuff we've
been talking about trading stuff and two
very different worlds. So what you
mentioned there about just the the
amount of compute that we're developing
right now versus the demand for it right
now is a bit of a mismatch and and you
mentioned how in any of these big ways
of tech adoption the the infrastructure
comes first before the demand. like we
build out the railroads before people
start taking trains every day and then
that gets the the brunt of of of that
risk gets taken on by the investor and
that's why they get paid a premium to
take on that risk and so yeah I would
just love for you to emphasize a little
bit more on that that mismatch right now
between because that feels like you know
you see people talk a bit about we're
building so so much AI capex and you
know all that we're doing with it is AI
slop and you know maybe there's going to
be diminishing returns at that we won't
see the demand and then suddenly the
depreciation schedules start to hit and
then all these, you know, GPUs start to
wear out. We have to replace them and
then suddenly we're stuck in a loop of
endless feeding the beast and burning
money. Like that's that's the stuff that
I hear from the concerned traders right
now. And I'm just curious. Yeah, like
explain a little bit more about how you
think about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's two questions to
kind of disambiguate. One is is the
trend real? Is this thing real? Um, and
we have confirmation that it's super
real and we're actually still pretty
early. Okay. So that is the thing that
everybody has in their head. Um, the
second is, and I put this in the blog,
but you know, if you look at the history
of panics or crises or, you know, stock
market meltdowns or whatever, they are
almost always a result of something that
was a really good idea and then you had
a kind of capex cycle or an investment
cycle where the money flowing into that
good idea juices the returns for the
early investors so much that it gets
levered on top and people start betting
more on the price appreciation than the
thing itself. and the pace of the price
appreciation and you know that's that's
what people are saying kind of about
silver too. They're like, "Oh, the price
is, you know, it's too steep." And and
that's, you know, not a bad argument.
And so, you know, there were boom bus
cycles in railroads. There were boom bus
cycles in canals. There were boom bus
cycles in turnpikes. Literally roads. We
used to have road bubbles. Okay. There
was, you know, I don't know, 20 emerging
market South America boom bus cycles or
something, right? Um, there was a there
was many oil cycles. And so, you know,
we have to watch that. And I think
people are smarter than they were in
2000. I think uh
more of this is being paid out out of
cash flow. The people doing the
investing are actually these mega
companies, these kind of oligopies that
own the future anyway. Um you know,
Cororeweave being kind of the
interesting example where it's like the
debt says this thing's going bankrupt,
you know, but like it could go either
way. Uh and so you see people buying
kind of straddles on as a result of
that, which I kind of think is not a bad
idea. um you know a little bit of equity
credit ar for those uh punters like me
but really the leverage is what you have
to watch the leverage and the cash flow
and so that's why I think that I think a
lot of these promises of capex aren't
going to happen because they don't have
the chips or they don't have this energy
or they don't have the permitting or the
whatever um and that will help a little
bit um won't help growth because you
know that's going to peak the build but
I think you're not going to see the
revenue really until back half of 27
seven. So, I think we're in the you have
the potential for an air gap here
between these expectations where the
kind of short-term, medium-term
investors who do not have three year or
four year time horizons, who kind of
have quarterly time horizons or six
month time horizons get over their skis.
There's obviously some potential private
credit problems just in general in the
economy and you get a little bit of an
air gap there. Um, which is a great
buying opportunity. Personally,
&gt;&gt; if you're thinking about buying crypto,
but don't want the headache of setting
up wallets or new accounts, Gayscale
makes it simple. For over 10 years,
Grayscale has helped investors gain
secure, regulated exposure to crypto
without the hassle of self-custody or
opening new wallets. With over 30
investment products from Bitcoin and
Ethereum to diversified and thematic
crypto baskets, Grayscale makes it easy
to build a crypto allocation that fits
your portfolio. Whether you're using a
regular brokerage account or investing
through an IRA, many of Gayscale's
products are available right where you
already invest. Investing involves risk,
including possible loss of principle.
For more information and important
disclosures, visit gayscale.com. As
always, investments and blockchain
technology involve risk. Terms and
conditions apply. Do your own research.
Yeah, it's I I saw there was actually I
don't know if you read it, but there's
like a BIS report that came out this
week looking at talking through like the
the the financing of of this AI buildout
and they're looking at how Yeah, it's
quite interesting. I'll send you a link,
but yeah, I mean it just seems like yes,
all although we've we've swapped from
these big mega corps are using all their
free cash flow to fund these things and
that kind of game got tapped out over
the last few months and now we're
shifting to to debt issuance and whether
that's you know public corporate bonds
or in the private credit market. that's
where we are now. But overall, it seems
like, you know, we're not that levered
really when you look at like like there
is a lot of runway. So, I mean, maybe
it's just all about the price that
people paid for it. Like, if you paid an
arm and a leg for an Oracle bond a
couple months ago, yeah, you're getting
burned right now. But overall, like
we're we're not that levered. I don't
know. I don't I don't feel like the the
probability of default is that high when
you look at how levered these companies
are and just like the market in general.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and American households
aren't that levered. the governments are
all levered all over the place. But, you
know, my network end you know honestly
like when I think back on when I started
this kind of wacky path of kind of being
&gt;&gt; you know a hedge fun guy who's also an
AI guy the the reasoning was actually to
kind of hedge themselves. It was this
notion of like I wanted to bet on AI you
know I left Bridgewater to kind of start
an AI company more or less. I was like
the only thing that can mess this up is
China blowing up. Okay, that's my crazy
brain. And I I still kind of think that
in a way, which is like, you know, I
don't think we're going to get a
depression or any kind of real horrible
recession in the US without China really
contracting. And the kind of guns to the
races or whatever it's called conclusion
is that they just seem totally incapable
or uninterested in doing that. Just
100%. Okay, Everrand still has not been
resolved. It's like five years later
like is this thing you know and that's
because they had this huge wall of other
debt where if they take a loss on
Everrand they have to take a loss on
other stuff and the the dominoes start
falling and so you know maybe the answer
is just in the end everybody prints and
again that then loops you back into gold
and silver because you go oh my god
everybody prints and globalism's dead so
treasuries aren't as valuable as they
were in 2005
so more people are going to buy gold
more people are gonna buy gold and this
is the Super Bowl case for silver,
central banks are going to come back to
silver, right? Just like they did for
thousands of years because why? Well,
the worst case scenario is you get a
bunch of solar panels, man. Way better
than gold, you know? So, like that's
when I get all excited. But, but that
that is definitely um you know, in terms
of my market view. I'm not the best
stock timer, okay? I'm usually try to
run a little bit short against my
fundamental views. Um there are people
way better at that than I am. But uh but
yeah, I I 100% agree with you that we're
not as levered that the the big capex
players are not as levered. Private
credit is getting involved in data
center spend, but they're not it's still
we're still
&gt;&gt; 20 30% of the way through that thing
&gt;&gt; and a lot of things haven't even
started. And that's where it gets
expensive. That's where you got, you
know, get the trucks and the the dirt
moving and the you know, the team sure
show up or whatever. That's where it
gets expensive and I don't think we're
there yet uh at the peak.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the last big theme you you
mentioned is is the horseshoe being
real. Disintegration of the neoliberal
consensus playing out compounded by
intergenerational and interse thinking
new political realities emerging.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What a statement. Uh so so the the
the short way of answering this question
is why are young you know Caucasian
white men in America so conservative is
another way of thinking about this and I
don't actually think they're that
conservative. This is what the horseshoe
is. The horseshoe is this framework of
like the old left right axis is actually
a bad abstraction because you have
multiple dimensions right we know we
know AI we know about multiple
dimensional matrices and vectors and
that kind of stuff and you go well just
take old versus young for a second right
boomer versus zoomer and like if you're
a zoomer forget the white caucasian male
thing if you're a zoomer right now and
you wake up and globalism is dead and
the robots are going to take your job
and you're not going to get social
security and you're not going to be able
to buy a house and you know mortgage
rates are super high and the boomers no
offense boomers I love you are clutching
on to power you know harder than a
walking cane or whatever I mean
generation X hasn't even come into
control it's crazy okay
&gt;&gt; and that is unsustainable 100%
unsustainable and I don't I'm not deep
enough to figure out how I just kind of
put the label of the horseshoe is real
to say this is how political
realignments happen. You know, if you're
Ray Dallio, you start talking about
civil wars and, you know, dooming on the
timeline and that kind of stuff. I'm not
that extreme. I think we figure it out.
And if we don't, I think we end up with
something better in the end. But I I
think it makes total sense that
if you're coming out of college and you
spent two years paying Harvard or
whatever, $80,000 a year to take a Zoom
class and then you know you work to be a
lawyer, you spend another $200,000 in
debt to go to whatever Yale law school,
they're probably fine, but and then you
you know in five years like 75% of those
first year associate jobs are going to
be gone
at some level. they like, you know, big
law banking or whatever. What do you do?
What are you gonna do with your life?
Are you going to be a Twitch streamer?
You know what I mean? Like, what
&gt;&gt; what the hell? And so I think that um
that's what I mean by the horseshoe is
real. And then I put together all these
kooky policies to be like, well, wait a
second. Like what happens when Elon Musk
is worth 20 trillion? It's not that far
away, right? It's a 20x on where he is
now. He's already got a 10,000x.
&gt;&gt; I'm actually totally cool with Elon
having 20 trillion dollars. He would do
all kinds of I mean you know not
everybody has his politics or whatever
but he'd probably do some cool stuff
with it like in terms of building
things. What I am not cool with is his
kids inheriting a trillion dollars. I
just think that's stupid. I think from a
capital allocation perspective, there is
this notion of meritocracy which is dead
kind of which which says that the if
there's at least some signal to him
being the richest man on earth which
there obviously is if you believe the
game is not totally hosed then you want
him to allocate capital more than
average than the average person. So it's
not bad for CargI to you know have a
have a lot of money or for Gates to have
a lot of money or for Zuck to have a lot
of money. this is fine. Like they're
going to do things with it, right? Like
look at Bezos. He's also going to the
stars and he's also trying to help media
institutions and you might not like his
politics, but he's at least trying.
Okay. What I am not okay with is there
being no test except for a birthright,
right? Or genetics or whatever, which is
not a strong enough signal to have
trillionaires. That to me is where we
get to civil war, honestly. And not
because of anything to do with the
trillionaires and not to do with
anything with the, you know, the poor
and huddled masses or whatever they
would be, you know, kind of straw manned
as just in terms of stochastic dynamics
of that situation. It's just too
unstable. There's not enough of a tie
binding them together. And so things
like national service become way better
ideas when you have crazy inequality.
And it doesn't have to be national
service to go shoot people. Maybe it's
go pick up trash or plant trees or build
a data center or, you know, make a train
system that you can work and get to
where you need to go where public
transit doesn't suck. Like there's this
huge potential for what do you do when
the old consensus is dead? And and I
think that that transition will happen
around some conflict because
historically it tends to happen around
conflict. When you look a lot of the the
kind of big leap forwards in America, it
was like right around then and after the
Civil War, World War I, World War II, a
little bit of Vietnam, you know,
intercontinental railroads. I have a
little joke which is like we need a new
intercontinental railroad. Like I should
be able to get like whatever the hell
that Chinese Shanghai train from the
airport is. Great. Let's do that. You
know what I mean? And go from San
Francisco to LA in an hour and a half or
whatever. I want to go from San
Francisco to New York in eight hours and
stop in Chicago and Detroit and
whatever. And there is so much economic
capacity that you would unlock with just
that one stupid idea, right? And then
you go look at our inability to build
like, you know, that classic photo of
Newsome's like 20 foot length of
concrete that they managed to get in
like Bakersfield or whatever and they
spent like $20 million. Oh my god. Like
Highspeed Rail is a disaster. And it's
like, yes, Highspeed is a disaster right
now because America can't build stuff.
That bridge is so broken in in Baltimore
or whatever, right? like the there's
still crazy potholes outside of JFK.
Robots will help fix this. New social
organizations will help fix this. Things
like, in my opinion, consumption taxes
as opposed to income taxes will help
this. Inheritance taxes will help this.
I'm not a big fan of just giving much
money to the government, but something
to kind of change that dynamic. Um, to
me, it's not even a I'm advocating it.
It's more it's inevitable. It's that you
just look at, you know, what I felt as a
now I'm like an old millennial, I guess,
but as a millennial in in like a little
way just seems really really strongly
felt by the next generation, men, women,
you know, white, non-white, immigrants,
non-immigrants. The current consensus
cannot hold. And so I think that that's
what the horseshoe is basically. It's
where do we go? And we hope that the
coalition that emerges isn't some really
radical group that has some crazy idea
but manages to swing everybody because
of all the other things that you know
for their good intentions the Democrats
and Republicans can't kind of work out
what to do. And the shutdown's an
example of that, right? If we shut down
again, which I don't know if we will,
but I have no like information here, but
like
&gt;&gt; if we shut down again, it's an example,
right? It's an example of of kind of the
the the system trying to find the new
equilibrium.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Nobody would be surprised if we
shut down, I would say.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow. I'm in Oregon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. When I put together those
three big themes, it feels like I don't
know if you agree with this, but it
feels like one of the big
I don't know, expressions of that is
what we've been seeing with the tariff
policy over the last year. And and the
the the idea of, you know, reassuring
because look, our roads suck and we
can't get anywhere and uh people are
upset and we want to get jobs because
there's no factory jobs anymore. Like
that's one version of it. there's, you
know, the the use the the trade policy
and and our tariffs as a tool to try to
make sure that we win the AI race or
whatever or that we just like dominate.
And so there's this like us versus the
east type of ideas. So I don't know, it
feels like it kind of sits in all of
them. So I'm curious like how do you how
do you see that whole thing going on
right now in in contrast to these big
three themes of
&gt;&gt; feels like a rear guard action. Um, I'm
kind of of the of the view, it's not my
only only person that view that views is
that we got to get saved by robots and
AI. That's basically it. Like, and we
got to go as fast as possible. I'm an
accelerationist when it comes to
technology in that sense. Like, I don't
think that by passing more laws or
yelling at more legislators or packing
or unpacking the Supreme Court. I don't
really care. I I would prefer to just
delete everyone in government and reset
the whole thing. You know, same
structure, just all new people. I think
that's been one of my new wacky ideas,
right? Where you get five years and
that's it or whatever. We give everyone
two more years and we reset. Barring
something like that, it's got to be
robots and AI. Like you're not going to
fix the pothole problem and the bridge
problem in this current equilibrium. You
just can't. You know, if you're a
Republican, you'll say, "Oh, it's all
those crazy EPA rules." You know, if
you're a Democrat, you'll say we need
more, you know, unskilled labor.
Maybe neither are right. Maybe both are
right. Like, it's not enough. It's the
current equilibrium will not stand
basically. And so the tariffs is a
classic example of this horseshoe
because it's something that came
completely out of left field. Everyone's
like, "Oh my god, everyone agrees with
the neoliberal consensus and free trade.
How could you possibly do this? That's
so crazy." And you know, Trump's running
around and saying, "Wait a second."
Like, everyone's getting rich off our
market. We are the predominant, you
know, center of global capital.
our enemies and our our rivals tap into
that system just as much as as other
people do. We then enrich them and we
don't even use it as a as a source of
foreign foreign policy. And so, you
know, I had this little micro tweet that
went microviral or whatever back in I
don't know, spring, which was like I
view Trump as playing what a game
theorist would call a mixed strategy
equilibrium. meaning he uses chaos. He
uses randomness to kind of show what the
other side really believes and wants.
Now, you might think that's immoral. I
don't think it's necessarily immoral if
you're playing a poker game like you can
bluff. Um, but if you remember back to
when he did the, you know, quote unquote
crazy
table, brings out the tariff table and
he's got some cookie formula and he's
like, they're going up for everyone.
Now, first of all, imagine if he came
out and said, "I've done a unique study
on each of these individual countries
and you should be 23%, you should be
15%, you should be 40%, you should be,"
and everyone would just yell out about
all those stuff, right? So, instead,
they pick some kooky formula and they
they show the formula. It's like based
on inputs and output, exports and
imports and then immediately start
negotiating over it, right? So, the deal
is not oneoff. It's always evolving and
always a conversation. And what you saw
was that the allies, the real allies in
my opinion, said, "We're willing to
negotiate. What can we do? You know,
we'll be reasonable." And some of them
got off with a slap on the wrist. Or
some of them got off with a tweak in a
regulation or this or that. And he goes,
"Okay, you're 5% now. You're 10% now."
And China's like, "Let's go to trade war
immediately. Let's suit up. We're ready
to go. Critical minerals, this, that,
this, that. You're getting it. You're
going to get it. You know, all this
negative energy." And it's it it shows
you what is
your opponent thinking. And if you think
back to phase one
2016, 10 years ago, why is Trump picking
on China? Oh my god. Blah blah blah. And
like the phase one deal wasn't even
important, right? It just set a a
precedent that we couldn't even trust
them to buy some soybeans or whatever.
&gt;&gt; That's it. And if you're a China
watcher, that's a very classic behavior.
People are going to call me, you know,
jingoistic or whatever. It's not. It's I
think a strategy. It's this notion of,
you know, we say we're gonna do
something and then we kind of defect
from what I would call the coalition and
then when you claim we've defect, it's a
just immediate gaslighting in your face.
And I learned this when they started
working on the banking system because
it's the same kind of modus operande.
But you see in South China Sea, you see
it with Taiwan, you see it with the, you
know, like Hong Kong, man. Hong Kong's
still there. We're still in the 50
years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Would anybody really claim that
they haven't fundamentally changed the
legal and the economic and the
jurisdictional system in in Hong Kong?
Like they have that now it wasn't a
treaty. Oh, it was an agreement, not a
treaty. That's because you got duped 40
freaking years ago into calling it not a
treaty because they knew they were going
to do this. And so rather than just keep
taking it, he he's saying, "Look, I'm
gonna have to show you guys that we're
in this like whether it's a
mattresses or just a tiff, um, you know,
what are you going to do about it?" So
anyway, long answer to a very good
question, but sorry. No. Okay. It got
the gear turning that for me when I
reflect on what happened in April and
those ensuing couple months. I was like,
"Okay, well perhaps when I see the
reactions to it, it's they want to be
able to isolate China." So, they need to
make sure everybody is on the same page
and that we're trying to decouple and
isolate China um and get everyone on the
same page so that they don't just go
start rerouting to Vietnam or wherever.
And I was sympathetic to that idea. But
now when you look at how it's panned
out, like in reality, you know, exports
from China are doing great. Um, so I'm
curious like how do you like do you how
do you see this going up next? Like is
this idea of or Besson calls it
strategic decoupling? Like do you see a
runway for that happening?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we'll figure it out. And
again, like because our system is not
broken but kind of janky and need
reform, we tend to fix problems that are
an emergency, not a chronic problem. So,
oh my god, we really need this thing and
we actually figure it out. We really
need a COVID vaccine. We figure it out.
Um, and I think that that's what I see
the administration trying to do, which
is communicate that it is actually that
level of seriousness. And yeah, the the
the the you know, the cat is out of the
horse is out of the barn, the cat's out
of the bag, the cat's out of the barn. I
don't know if you know, like when they
can now sell to everyone but America,
you have less leverage, right? So that's
an argument to be even more aggressive
and extreme than you would have been
before because you can't contain, right?
And I think they're lying about their
exports, but that's a whole another
story. Uh just go look at the balance of
payments errors and emissions for 2005
2020. They had about5 one2 trillion
dollars of capital flight that they
called errors and emissions and now they
juice their current account. They still
have a huge current account surplus, but
a lot of that money leaves. Okay, I
think that that is the weakness, the
strategic weakness that one, Westerners
don't really appreciate and two is
definitely a third rail because when I
talk about it, I get a million bots and
50 cent army people like screaming at me
on Twitter. So like
&gt;&gt; it's true.
&gt;&gt; Like you know, just think about for a
second that there is twice I don't know
the actual numbers right now, but two to
three times more money in China than in
America. Just think about that. If every
bank account got zeroed out in China,
could they really buy the America
American bank money twice? Could they
buy all the bank accounts in America? No
way. That's crazy. Okay. And yes, there
are two to three times or four times
more people. Still crazy. And yes,
doesn't mean I don't want to commercial
building in Shanghai. Those are pretty
cool. I'm not saying those aren't good
assets, okay? I'm just saying there's
too much money and it's on a house of
cards. And that is our strength. Our
strength is that our transparency, our
accountability, our markets, our
regulatory environment. There's a reason
why American capital markets are the
best capital markets on Earth. And it's
not a coincidence that it's a liberal
democracy. And so this is where I think
we're almost like not it's like we're so
money we don't even know it from that
old movie. You know, it's like no man,
like we're actually doing pretty well
and we're not using that strength. And I
think eventually we'll have to use that
strength more. Last question here on on
China and how it relates to metals is,
you know, obviously, yeah, Trump has had
the stick of tariffs and China has had
the stick of precious rare metals. How
strong is that rare metal stick? I feel
like that is something that I've heard a
lot of different opinions on. I'm
curious your thoughts.
&gt;&gt; So, we don't know. Okay. Where you can
always get around some of these things
like they're getting H100s. How are they
getting those? You know, it's not that
hard to get some metal. They have a lot
of capital flight problems. So, it would
leave. I mean, it it would matter. I
think the real way it matters is if you
can somehow imagine like a world war
that doesn't have nukes in it where it's
not just about like facilitating the
amount of stuff that we have now, but
it's like I need 20 million 155
millimeter shells. I need 5,000 F-35s.
I need 10,000 tanks. Holy moly. Right?
If you I've done a little bit of back of
the envelope on both the AI level and
the conflict level and the AI level is
probably the peaceful version of this
and so that's why it's it's converging
but if you do this like oh my god we
need a ton more stuff that's where it
becomes almost existential. It's not
that essential for now if like you could
imagine if we didn't get Chinese TVs for
like a couple years it wouldn't be the
end of the world. Korea makes TVs, Japan
makes TVs. We would kind of figure it
out. Yes, there's some of these minerals
that go into magnets or radars or, you
know, night vision or all this stuff.
It'd be hard to get that stuff. We'd
probably be okay. It's really about the
the deep tail of
we don't have that supply and we need 10
times more because we're in a fight, you
know, to the end of the the match or
whatever. and and and you and you look
around and you go, "Yeah, like maybe we
can get Korea to build a destroyer, but
like can we get them to build 20
destroyers in a year?" You know what I
mean? Like c can we get them to build
like could like how do we get our chips
if Taiwan gets taken over, you know? So,
it's that level of what if we had to 10x
everything, then we would be kind of
hosed. And so I think that that is
really true and you would probably have
that be important because those big
conflicts and these big capital runs
tend to be about resource mobilization
but right now I don't think it's it's
but that's why both sides are kind of
teetering right the game is still kind
of zero sum positive sum still some
trade what you have to worry about and
I'll kind of close on this is like when
the games turn negative sum I got
divorced once okay so this is from
experience when you go from zero sum to
negative negative sum. Just get out of
the relationship as fast as pos, you
know, like just pay whatever you have to
get out of the poker game because when
the other there's this classic auction
from auction theory called all pay
auction which is a negative sum game
where like you know you bid one and I
bid two and now no matter what you have
to bid one
&gt;&gt; and you've already paid that one. Now
you're going to pay three. Now I'm going
to pay four. You get these all pay
auctions where they go for like 10 times
the value of the thing itself. Maybe not
10 times but you know and they consume
all the surplus. So, that's who you got
to watch out for is negative sum games.
&gt;&gt; Love it, Alex. Always great to get you
on. Really enjoyed that. Um, we'll put
the we'll put the link to to your to
your article we were talking about in
the show notes there for people to check
it out. Um, yeah, you've been writing
great stuff. Always great to have you on
here.
&gt;&gt; So, I mean, it's so great to be here.
Really enjoy these conversations and
thanks for having me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, likewise, man.