============================================================
Video: 3kJg6qMFV9A
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: IMPORTANT WARNING TO ALL INVESTORS
Date: 2025-09-18
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3808
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:37:23.280914
============================================================

So, the world's worstkept secret. Got out yesterday. The Federal Reserve finally cut rates by 25 basis point. Everybody knew it's coming. But now, the bigger question is how are we going to play this? Currently, we're sitting at 4 to 4 25% rate. And the most important question you need to be asking yourself at this juncture is how do I invest in this particular scenario? Because everything we knew about the stock market, everything we knew about the economy, everything changed yesterday. Because yesterday we had a major change that you need to factor in. And there's three things you need to do today to best position yourself for what's coming because there's a lot of changes happening and you want to get ahead of things, not be reactive. So, as always, we prepare, we don't react. We definitely don't predict. So what happened yesterday was actually a very normal thing. Okay. The Federal Reserve has two modes. The first mode is restrictive where essentially they're pressing on the brake trying to slow down the train. The second mode is the alleviating mode where they're actually pumping the gas trying to get the train to go faster. So we have a lenient mode and a restrictive mode. Now, the the titles and the terminology doesn't really matter here, but here's the thing. Until basically yesterday, even though we already had a couple cuts few months ago, we were still borderline between restrictive and almost before going to a lenient mode. So, basically what happened is that the Fed got this situation on their hands. Up until 2022, everybody was cruising along nicely. The train was basically in cruise control. We had 0% almost 0% interest rates and the Fed didn't really had to do nothing, right? But then, as you know, we had the inflation spike and the Johnny come lately, aka the Fed, woke up a little bit too late in February of 2022 and started raising rates right away. basically essentially smashing on the brake and they took rates all the way from zero to 5 a.5% within 18 months one of the fastest time that we've seen an increase like this maybe not as fast as the old Paul Vulker days you know Paul Vulkar the OGs they'll know what I'm talking about but it's definitely up there so we had a very aggressive change from the Fed from going hey this is transitory don't worry about it back in 2021 all the way to panic mode essentially smashing the brakes going to five and a half percent. Now, that happened as a reaction to the very high inflation we had. As I mentioned, we we went all the way up to 9% inflation. Right now, by essentially raising interest rates, what the Fed has done, they achieve a few things. Number one, if interest rates go up, it makes more sense to keep money in the bank instead of spending it. When you're getting higher interest in the bank, well, you're not going to spend as much. you're going to be saving more, which leads to less consumer spending, which leads to stores firing people because there's not enough business. These people can't spend, which leads to a very vicious cycle when we have spending cuts, savings go up, and basically a slowdown of retail activity. On top of that, the cost of capital because interest goes up. So, if I'm trying to open up a new business and I need to take a loan from the bank, well, number one, the bank isn't so excited to give it to me because things are a little bit shaky, but also the price on the interest is going to be so expensive that I'm just probably going to be waiting saying, "Hey, I'm going to wait for a few years to interest rate to drop before I take on this new venture." So, a lot of business activity slows down and also consumer spending slows down, which leads to less consumer spending and it's a very, very vicious cycle. And a lot of these rate cuts that we've been waiting for were like oxygen for the stock market for the economy to kind of wake up. But here's the thing. Even though we went from 0 to 5 1/2% very, very quickly, guess what happened? And this is quite unbelievable, right? So inflation actually, as expected, went down all the way to 3%. Now that 3% is a down all the way to 3%. Now that 3% is a down all the way to 3%. Now that 3% is a little bit misleading, right? Because it's like asking somebody, "Well, what's your preferred weight you want to be at?" and they're going to tell you some sort of a dream weight they're never going to get to. But if they stay in shape and they kind of be active and they be responsible, well, they probably be around, you know, like 5 lbs above it, 7 lbs above it, right? So that 3% is where we okay with being even though we aspire to get to 2% inflation. That's why you're hearing 2% inflation. That is the ultimate goal where you have the six-pack, you know, and you're looking good. Well, but 3% is definitely a good place to be in. So, the inflation actually went down. But at the same time, despite the slowdown in inflation, the stock market was doing fine. In fact, we had a phenomenal performance from the stock market for the past two and a half years, right? One of the best bull runs we've seen. The economy is doing fine. GDP is doing fine. No crazy unemployment. So essentially the Feds stopped cutting after they've started the cutting cycle. They stopped cutting once they hit 4 1/2%. So we go from 0 to once they hit 4 1/2%. So we go from 0 to once they hit 4 1/2%. So we go from 0 to 5 and a half as an emergency. Inflation starts to slow down. The Fed starts cutting rates. But then they're seeing, well, look, inflation isn't going from 3 to two and the economy is fine. So we're just going to hold off and stay at 4 and a half%. We're going to park it here. And they parked it here for almost a year, but nothing happened. This was okay. This was okay. And the inflation really didn't go down to 2%. And then you had the tug and pull between Trump and Pal. Who will get their will? Pal doesn't want to do it. Trump wanted them to do it. And then we had this whole shenanigans on the political side, but they don't matter. But guess what happened, right? All of a sudden, we have a very shaky job numbers come out and we say, "Okay, okay, okay. Things are still great. GDP numbers are still great. The economy is doing fine. Earnings numbers were great, but because we have shaky job numbers, which means a lot more Americans are having tough time finding a job than they did just a few months ago. On top of that, we also have a lot of political pressure on the Fed. Even though they're never going to admit it, there is some influence on the political side as well. So, a lot of political pressure and a shaky job numbers. And don't worry about the fact that the Fed knows that they were late already once because the Fed was late by February 2022 on increasing rates. They don't want to be late again. So Powell is saying to themselves, well guys, look the team job numbers are starting to show a little bit of cracks and there's a lot of political pressure on us and let's do it preemptively. Let's not wait for the market to collapse and let's do a preemptive cut now before things get bad. Let's get ahead of the game, which is not a bad idea. So, the Fed announces yesterday, much to the surprise of nobody, a preemptive cut. Essentially, we're cutting to prevent the economy from slowing down because this is the right time to do it. We don't want to be too late. And that's actually not bad. I can't say anything negative about that. Now, here's the thing. The question is what's next? We just had the first cut nine months, right? The biggest question for me and for you should be how is this going to impact stocks? Because we are investors and which stocks are going to benefit from this cut. Essentially, that's all we care about. We can talk all day about monetary policy, restrictive, lenient, it does not matter. All that matters is which stocks are going to benefit from what happened yesterday. Because yesterday we finally had a shift. We went from restrictive even though we already had a few cuts. We officially crossed the, you know, the Rubicon, the point of no return. We're now done with the restrictive mode that we started in February 2022. So this changes literally everything. Okay. Now, how does it manifest itself, right? So number one, I just want to make sure everybody understands we have two more cuts coming this year. It is at this point almost a certainty. Again, there's nothing certain in life except death and taxes. But again, barring aliens landing or some crazy stuff happening, we will most likely get two more cuts this year. There's not going to be a lot of surprise if it happens. And if we get, you know, more cuts, we'll have more profits, more corporate earnings, more spending. We have cheaper capital. So, this is very bullish for the stock market, right, Tom? Well, it depends. It's not as easy as it sounds. And I'm going to explain in what environment are we existing right now. Okay, what do I mean by saying it depends? Well, well, you have a good cut and you have a bad cut. Right now, the Fed is out there saying, well, look, the Fed, you know, we're ahead of the game. We're preemptively cutting, etc., etc. They're saying that they're here. They're saying that they're making a good cut. A good cut is a timely cut. It's preemptive and it happens before the economy stalls and the market is usually fine after a good cut. So the Fed came out yesterday said literally this this is a preemptive cut. They've they've used that language verbatim because they're signaling we're here, right? But the fact that they're saying that does not guarantee that. Okay. If we have a bad cut, essentially if we are too late and we don't know it yet, well, this usually means that we're heading for a bare market for a major correction. in the stock market and possibly a recession. Okay, which one is it? Nobody can tell you for certain, but I'll share with you my two cents and my opinion. I'm not going to, you know, some people say that. Well, what do you think? Tell me in the comments. Bro, did I just watch your video for you not to give me your opinion and send me to the comments just to create watch time? I mean, I hate when people do that, right? So, I will give you my opinion. I personally think that this is a good cut. Okay, not going to shy away from making a selection saying I don't know. I think it's a good cut because if I look across the board and I see the corporate earnings are terrific, GDP growth is fine. The stock market is doing fine, spending on the consumer side is fine, albeit there's a lot of debt issues on the consumer side and it's not as plain vanilla. It's a little bit nuanced, but overall I would give the current status of the market about a B minus. Okay. So, if we are in a B minus environment and the Fed is cutting, it's actually a good time to take a preemptive measure versus a market that's already in a D or an F. Okay. So, we're actually here, I think, which makes it a good cut. So, if you ask me, the Fed is not late. Okay. Now, let's take it one step further. Okay. So, if the Fed is not late, which is great, what's going to be the result? Okay. So obviously we're going to have more jobs, payroll increases, more spending which is going to lead to economic boom and then we'll have a bullish cycle for the market. But I want to warn people here a little bit about what this means. If you expect the stock market go to go on a, you know, 24 non-stop month rally because the Fed started cutting, it's not going to happen. Well, again, in the market, anything can happen, but it's not likely to happen because right now, we're sitting in a market that's a little bit frothy. Okay, the current market is an all-time highs. Now, in itself, you know, all-time highs don't scare me at all. I mean, the market hits all-time highs 15 times a year on average. Okay, it happens all the time. I'm not afraid from market all-time high, but okay, here's the thing. Let's go back and be a student of history. Okay, if you look at an all-time high market and a combo of a Fed cut, right, that happened a lot more than people think, more than 20 times in history, we had the Fed initiated cut cycle when the market was at all-time highs. And mostly when this happened, things were all right. Okay, in a spectrum of about a year, if you take the one-year time horizon, 12 months, the market on average returns about 13%, which is phenomenal. about 3 or 4% above the average. And the good part is that 100% of the times a 12-month period after the first cut in an all-time high environment led to a green market, which is good. Okay? But, and here's the thing I want to explain. Because we're such a frothy environment, a lot of greed, a lot of FOMO, a lot of hype. I'm seeing stocks like Carvana flying out, Open Doors flying out. You know, stocks are up hundreds of percent per year and that's a very frothy environment. I don't know what's going to happen in the next 30 90 days. I don't know. It's a complete toss up 50/50. I don't know. And there is no way to predict. I don't know if a correction is coming or not. I wouldn't be surprised, let's put it this way, if a correction actually comes sometime in the next 3 months to kind of rebalance the market a little bit. I don't think it's going to stop the 12-month prediction. So, for me as a long-term investor, I'm fine. But the next 30 to 90 days, I'd be a little bit careful. Okay. Now, does it mean that we have to stop investing for 3 months? No. Because I want to show you the chart here, and I want to explain why overall I'm very bullish long term. Okay? Not all all-time high markets are created equal. Okay, what do I mean by that? Well, if you have an all-time high market, which is the green market right here, right? and you have earnings right here essentially trailing each other, that's fine. That usually means that earnings are getting priced in and we're in the middle of a huge secular tailwind AI boom, right? But if you have the situation where like in the docom bubble in the 2000 crash that we had when earnings would be here but the market would be here we have this kind of divergence between the market and the earnings when the market is running way ahead of earnings then I would be worried we are currently in this scenario because earnings are going through the roof which means that I'm very optimistic about the stock market and long-term I'm not concerned whatsoever. However, okay, what would be a bad idea right now? The bad idea right now for you as an investor would be to fall into this bull market bias because we have seen nothing but green pastures for the past almost three years. It feels like there is no risk in this market at all and it's full of opportunities. In the bull market, everybody's a genius and in the bull market everybody only sees the opportunity. Nobody sees the risk. That is why when people DM me and they say, "Well, Tom, thank you for volunteer. I've done XY Z% over the past six months." And I always reply, "Don't judge me on a six-month return. Talk to me in 5 years, then tell me what you think." Same thing I said to people in 2022 when they were angry. I said, "Hey, give me five years. Don't be angry. Give me 5 years. Don't thank me yet." Okay? So, everybody's focused right now on this and they're ignoring this. And there's still a lot of risk in this market. You can't just ignore it. Okay? Now, right now, everything is fire. Everybody's fomoing. I get it. I totally understand that. But you have to cut yourself away from this You don't want to be a part of this crowd talking to me about 100% stock that in 3 months this and that, all this hype. Forget it. Okay? Don't fall into this formal cycle at all. Especially not now when we're hitting a very precarious time with the Fed cuts. Okay? The strategy is very simple. Number one, you have to protect your downside. Okay? You have to make sure you have enough cash. You have to make sure you have enough bone exposure so that if we're wrong and the stock market actually takes a tumble, you are protected. You can't just ignore this risk whatsoever. Number two, as I said just a second ago, do not chase cheap money. A lot of people going to be saying, "Oh my god, cheap money will benefit this company and that company because they have so much debt. We have to get into these hype stocks, etc." Okay, if a company is very very leveraged, which means it has a lot of debt and now the anticipation is that because of this new Fed cuts, it finally is going to do a lot better because the debt becomes a lot cheaper. I just want to say something and this is very important, okay? You have to focus on pricing power, on margins, on recurring revenue, on free cash flow, not on hype, not on, oh my god, yeah, this is the stock to invest in a cut cycle. Still don't forget the fundamentals. Okay. Number three rate sensitive type of investment definitely will be real estate trust. Obviously real estate is going to be one of the main beneficiaries from the cut. Obviously people taking a lot more mortgages when the rates are cheaper and so forth and so forth. financial products. Obviously, anything in the financial sector is going to do fine. More loans, more activity and anything in home building and housing stocks, you know, stocks like, you know, Home Depot, all this stuff, you know, they'll do fine. Okay. Now, obviously, as always, especially now, because as I said, leaders who are operating on easy mode are going to do a lot better. The Palanteers, the Teslas, and the Nvidias of the world will obviously be a great investment now more than ever because if they did fine in a high interest environment, imagine what they can do in this one. Okay, number five. Of course, you have the secular mega trends. You can't forget all the leaders in the AI business. They will do better than everybody else. But most importantly, please avoid the highly leveraged companies. I want to repeat it again. Companies with a lot of debt are initially maybe prone to spiking because everybody will be excited. But but look, a rate cut does not cure a bad business. If it's a shitty business with a lot of debt, the rate cut is not going to cure the underlying situation. It's just going to be an Advil for somebody who has a much bigger problem. Okay? Stay away from highly leveraged companies even though it may seem like the best things in sliced bread right now with the Fed cuts. Okay? I do want to offer you this partial list. Okay. Now on this list there are stocks who I consider to be the three tiers of a good start right now to think about investing. Okay. In tier one we have Tesla, Nvidia and Palunteer. Those are the staples I think that should be in any portfolio. Definitely you know Tesla and Palanteer are in mine. Those stocks are great at any weather especially now. Tier two, you have all the consumer stuff where I think they're going to do phenomenal. Nike, Amazon, Apple, and maybe a few more, but I like these three because, as I mentioned earlier, a lot more consumer spending is coming. These will benefit on the retail side, both on this side, and obviously Nike has been beaten down. And I think there's a lot of stuff there that people are not counting on. Number three, we have the foundations. Okay, TSM, the world's monopoly. ASML this is in the manufacturing this is in lithography machines Oracle is coming up as a massive provider of cloud services ARM cadence crowd striking cyber security I think this is a good start to start thinking about uh tailoring your portfolio and kind of positioning it for the next few years in a rate cutting cycle where we're actually going lower maybe to 3% 2 and a half% we'll see now we have a full list of top stocks on my academy on reacademy patreon.com/dom Nash right here. We have a list about 30 top stocks which I think you need to be researching because this is a good place to start. We also have 60 lectures, two weekly live meetings with me and a Discord community which I think is the best in the business. Join the academy, test it out for yourself. Would love to see you there. We actually have a lesson coming up today. So if you join today, come at 3:30 p.m. Eastern. Would love to see you there. And I'll see you next one. is.