============================================================
Video: XedDKI9kx5c
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If You Missed Palantir, This Stock Is Next! (Get in Early)
Date: 2025-08-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3611
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:05.917001
============================================================

This is the next Palanteer. Now, if you've missed Palunteer and you haven't been a part of the incredible, 1900% run we had of the past 5 years, don't worry. You're in luck because we have one company that fits the same identical blueprint. Now, the blueprint is actually very simple. You have to have a generational company that completely changes the world. You have to have seven elements that make this company a generational wealth builder and you have to hit every single one out of these seven conditions to fit the blueprint. Today we have a true winner. We have a company that fits that blueprint exactly like Palunteer did. Now item number one in the sevenstep blueprint is of course engineering. You have to have a technology, a solution, a product that is 10 times better than whatever is out there in the market. It's not about incrementally being better. It's about insanely being better. It's like going from a horse to a car. The jump has to be significant. And the tech has to make the competitors look like horses when you're driving a Ferrari. It's not about a faster horse. It's not about a better carriage. It's about a supercar. The tech must be revolutionary. Number two, we have timing. Timing is basically hitting the need exactly when it's required. If you recall, well, you probably don't, but we had a company called Magic Taxi or Magic Cap. I don't even remember the name because this was literally Uber before Uber was Uber ahead of its time. not really fit for the same technology and the infrastructure we had 20 years before Uber and it failed. We had another company who tried to Netflix basically to stream over the internet films and TV series but again it failed because the infrastructure wasn't ready. The technology wasn't there yet. Essentially you have to be right on time. You don't want to get to a party too early or too late. You don't want to be the next magic or the next failed Netflix. You have to have the perfect storm. The tech meets the demand right on time. Number three is the monopoly element. Now the monopoly element is very very important. I know monopolies sound evil but what we're talking about here is building an empire. You have to own the market. You have to have massive switching pain to leave your product. You have to have ridiculously high retention of existing customers. You have to have insanely strong pricing power. You have to have a premium product that everybody wants to pay for. Number four is the people. A few years ago, I heard Geico Kawasaki talk about how bozos hire bozos and superstars hire superstars. Every single person that matters in the organization has to be a superstar. You have to be able when you think about the company to name who's the owner of the company, who's the owner of the business, who's the owner of the product, of the sales, of the operation, of the vision. You have to have somebody you say, "Hey, this guy is the leader." You have to have a superior team behind that guy. It has to be a founder business. And you have to be dealing with builders, not talkers. I'm not interested in people who talk well, dress well, know how to speak Wall Street. We're talking about engineers and builders. And of course, you have to align interest with equity. You have to get people paid the right way, not with dollars, but with equity to align their interest with your company, not just employees, but you make them owners. Tesla did it a few years ago and people said it's ridiculous. Palunteers did that and people said it's delusion. And now you see that's the way to do business. And number five might be one of the most important of them all and that is distribution. Can you scale sales with ease? Can you get on boarding to ridiculously quick time? Can you secure mega huge clients? Can you retain existing clients? Number six is durability. And there's a lot of elements to durability. For example, you should have a product or a system or a whole infrastructure that is impossible to copy. We live in a world where nothing is sacred. If you have a good product, copycats will follow. Essentially, the product has to be built in a way that makes it impossible or at least not very efficient to try and copy. Number two, it has to have an architecture that is impossible to clone literally by design. And of course, it has to be resistant to whatever is down the drain because we don't know what's coming. This world, what we've been watching for the past 5 years, go to absolute hell. We have pandemics, wars. Ukraine is at war with Russia. We have Gaza and Israel. We have pandemics. We have regulatory shifts. We have the National Guard in DC, Donald Trump, tariffs. Insanity is what defines the past 5 years of this world. And this product has to be durable to all of that. And of course, number seven, the secret sauce. You have to have a secret sauce. It has to tap into a very, very unique opportunity others simply cannot. And it has to be absolutely out of this world to the point where initially people say, "Well, this can't be true. This just can't be. It has to be contrarian. It has to be out of the box and it has to have explosive products come from untapped insights that everybody else missed. And by the time they figure out that, hey, these guys were right, it's already too late. Everybody now is chasing and you're leading. Because at the end of the day, there's only two types of companies on this earth. The chasers and the leaders. And this company has to be the leader. Now, in the beginning of the video, I told you there is one company that even if you've missed the initial Palunteer run that we had of the past five years, one company that fits this blueprint checks every single box. And that company is Palunteer. Palanteer is the next Palunteer. And before you click off this video and get annoyed, wait, listen to me very, very carefully because this might be worth a lot of money. People called me crazy in 2022. They said I'm absolutely out of my mind. And lo and behold, now we're 1900% later. This is me saying, "Hold on a second. Listen to me. Walk through these seven elements I just gave you because you know they're true." Walk through 2025 Palunteer and see what happens. Number one is engineering. Now look, Palanteer has AIP and AIP is hands down a gamecher, a revolutionary platform that is not just 10 times better than anybody else. It is literally the only game in town. They're making solutions for things that used to take months. Now it happens in minutes, in seconds. There is no competitor out there to fit Palanteer. Now if you look at the engineering, look, AIP basically sits on top of mountains of data, enterprise data and multiple LLMs and human input. And all of this has to be translated into decisions with real consequence with regulatory issues with permissions with compliance with audit with optimization and all of this has to happen in minutes when it used to take months. A palunteer is compliant by design. The whole system was built for the world's strictest compliance regulatory environment ever, which is the government. It has also two decades of design and engineering that anybody who tries to copy has to go through. Basically, AIP thrives when nobody else can even operate. It thrives when you have multiple models, you have permissions, you have compliance, you have human action, and all of this has to be executed in one loop. Now, as far as timing goes, this is the second element. Look at what's going on in the world right now. We've got the AI boom perfectly aligned with AIP. We're not too early, we're not too late. The global AI spend right now is going through the roof. Palunteers commercial deals are up 93% in the United States over the past quarter. Boot camps, and I'll talk about boot camps in a second, lead to contracts in literally weeks. Just look at the Q2 revenue. It just went past a billion dollars for the first time in history. Look at the guidance right now at 45% growth. It is out of this world. Now if you look at the monopoly element, element number three, Peter Teal famously said, you have to start with a market you can dominate and then expand from that market on. And that's exactly what Pioneer did. They started with the government side. They've built up a lot of credibility through the government side through the organizations like the NHS, the FBI, and then now you're seeing the numbers out of this world. 140% increase in total contract value. You're looking at 160 deals of a million or more that were signed over the past quarter. And what Palanteer has built here is essentially two-headed monster in this monopoly. The government side and now the commercial side. Now on the government side, you've got insane deals like the 300 million pound deal with the NHS, the US Army 10 billion agreement, Maven, and that's why you're seeing US government growing over 50% over the past quarter. Now you have the monopoly on the commercial side as well with current deals plus remaining deal value going up 145% year-over-year. In Q2, you have clients like Airbus, BP, Yundai, AP, just to name a few. And if you look at the net dollar retention of existing clients, it's 130%. So they bring in new clients and they're selling more to existing clients. That is literally the definition of monopoly. And as far as number four, the people, well, I'm going to line up this trio with anybody out there. Peter Thiel, Alex Karp, and Shaman Sankar. Probably one of the best trios to manage a business in existence. These guys complete each other. They excel in different things. You can see their background on the screen. These guys are some of the best in the business. And that's why Palent is looking the way it's looking. And now we're getting to number five, which is the distribution. As I said in the beginning, one of the most important, if not the most important element of this whole scheme. And in the case of Palunteer, it is set up as good as I ever seen it. Now the wedge that drives this whole thing together is the boot camps. What you have with boot camps is essentially the ability to compress discovery build and first impact for a brand new client within a week. The boot camps are sales dynamite. They're cheat code. Basically, you have clients who come in as completely zero impact. They're not involved palunteer and instead of getting powerpoints and promises, they're getting a build that works within a couple of days. That is insane in software. Nobody has ever done this before. And instead of trying to sell to clients a software that Palunteer built and try to prove to them that whatever Palunteer built works for them, this thing is a complete sandbox and they tailor every single client with this particular version of AIP that works for them instead of shoehorning the client into what Palunteer built. Palunteer built such a sandbox that it can fit whatever need the client has. Now, the boot camps are massive because they essentially productize engagement and you end up with giving a live use case to a client within just a few days. It's actual real deliverable within a single freaking week. Nobody has ever shortened the funnel like this ever before. And then of course you have midfunnel and then you have of course the cloud services AWS, Azour, the Google cloud and at the bottom you have their attention at 130% that's feeding into itself. So, Pilot is literally firing on all cylinders. Now, look at the numbers right now. Boot camp in April 2025 turned into a 19 million deal. Boot camp in Q4 2024, 5 years later, a 26 million deal. A client who started a pilot Palunteer at Q4 last year. 4 months later, a threeyear $20 million deal. And this is just examples. There's multiple distribution channels that are all firing on behalf of Palanteer. And the numbers show it. 93% US customer growth, 140% contract value increase. You have 45% growth, a billion quarter for the first time, and you've got 160 deals almost of a million dollar more closed. Now, number six is durability. Now, AAP basically does better and better and better for you the more you use it. It's kind of like Spotify. It learns you. It knows what you want. And then once you use Spotify for a few years, it's better than it has ever been before. The same thing with AIP. The longer you use it, the harder it is to leave. These aren't a one-off deal type of situation. We have sticky, high margin recurring revenue that's going on for years, if not decades. And on top of it, switching costs are insane. Once clients get onto AIP, they don't leave for decades. And now, let's get to the secret sauce number seven. Now, the biggest winners in AI are going to be the ones who build a control panel that basically unifies grossly messy data, multiple LLMs, human decision- making and essentially sometimes flawed human decision-m all of this in an operational loop with full compliance in governments. That is literally what AIP does. Now you have cloud vendors, you have LLMs, Chasing Dreams. They're all going to be commoditized. Most of them are already a commodity. The boot camps basically move customers from zero to one live within a few days. The value of this is insane. You got Fenny May essentially talking about how fraud checks with AIP went from months to seconds using AIP. And the thing is there's a lot of LLMs out there, large language models. Sometimes there's multiple IPs that are operating within the same system. LLM 1, LLM2 with different AI. Palunteer AIP is agnostic. It's neutral. Customers can use whatever LLM they want and they can put them inside AIP. We can use one, we can use multiple, whatever you want. It doesn't matter. Palunteer has already won because they don't care who wins the LLM wars. And of course, while everybody else is talking about chat bots and AI, cool stuff you can do with your filters, Palunteer is boring. It's not sexy. It's basically providing secure integrated AI that solves actual problems for large organization, billion-dollar problems. It's not sexy. It's boring. It's not cool, but it's worth a lot of money. Now consumer AI as you can see today in 2025 is probably one of the most crowded segments in history. Everybody's building an LLM. Everybody's in it. Everybody wants to be an AI. The thing is that secure enterprise AI is literally blue ocean. Nobody's there. It's just Palanteer and Karp and Teal and team understood this decades ago before everybody else. Now in my opinion, Palanteer is just getting started. We've got AIP, which is literally the infrastructure. Just like you have Nvidia in the hardware, you have Palanteer in the software. And in my opinion, Palunteer isn't just a great sticky product. I think it's literally replaceable. And as you can see in the slide, I wrote TINA, which means there is no alternative. And I highly believe that. And of course, it's not free of risks. You have an extremely high valuation, which might compress in the short term. Okay. You have revenue and customer concentration and a lot of big clients that Palante relies on a risk you have to consider. You have execution risk. I mean the management has to execute at this valuation without any mistakes which is not an easy thing to ask. And of course you have regulatory intervention, policy changes, geopolitics, political volatility. All of this can hurt Palanteer because of its government segment. Now look in 2022 this is literally what you had. You had the stairs all to yourself. Right now, everybody's rushing to the escalator at $200 a pop. You could have bought this at 6, at 12, at 20, at 25, at 30. Now, at 6, at 12, at 20, at 25, at 30. Now, at 6, at 12, at 20, at 25, at 30. Now, I've been talking about this being a $500 stock for the past 5 years. It's well documented. I don't need to show you more screenshots. You've seen them all. But when I was putting these out in 2022, saying this is the best things to sliced bread, I was not looking at the price. I didn't care that the price is 6 or 12 or 20. And now in 2025, I don't care about the price. Yet again, I don't care about the price of the stock. The stock can be six, it can be 600. I only care about the business. The same method I use in 2022 to ignore the price I am using today. That's why I don't FOMO. That is why if you look on stock MVP over the past few years while everybody else were telling you that Palunteer is expensive and you shouldn't buy the institutional shareholding of Palunteer went from 30 to 60%. Literally what you have is a doubling of institutional shareholding like Vanguard like Black Rockck like State Street. They've doubled their holding in Palanteer for the past few years while you were being told to stay away. Again, if you look at stock MVP, the only problem that Palanteer has according to our scorecard. The only thing that prevents Palanteer from getting a perfect 100 out of 100 is the high PE ratio, except that it scores a perfect 10 in literally every category. It's only about price. And again, you get what you pay for. You can buy a cheap TV and it's still going to work. Or you can get a 100 in OLED from LG, whatever it is, and have the best TV on the planet. The premium on the best of the best, of course, it's a lot higher. You're always going to have a premium on the best product in the market. And Palanteer is the best product in the market. If you look at the numbers, they don't lie. You have revenue increasing 90% of the past 3 years. At the same time, net income is up 216%. At the same time, operating income up 220%. All while capex is down 40% and you only increased operating expenses by 28%. This is one of the most scalable business we have ever seen. Now again I think that everybody with half a brain that actually look at this business and this is in our academy scorecard 125 out of 125 cash versus debt revenue growth operating margin short interest institutional shareholding revenue versus expenses growth the 5-year return obviously the mode the CEO the recession sensitivity the secular trend the mission critical the talent it scores a perfect score in every single category this company is only getting started that is why my price target for Palanteer for the next 5 years is ranging ing between 512 on the bare case and almost $1,000 on the bull case. It's again from Stock MVP. The bottom line for me is very very simple, folks. I think Palanteer sits on the biggest major secular trend we've ever seen. I think that Palanteer has top tier talent both in the CEO position, in the board, and in every single employee they've got. I think Wall Street will never understand it, and I don't care. And I think we're talking about the massive upside. And yes, it comes with a lot of beta, which means you got to have strong nerves for this. And if you want to trim a little bit because you're up a lot and you want to take out 10, 20, 30% as long as your dollar cost averaging back with that money, that's perfectly fine. To me, it's very simple. I have never been more bullish about Palunteer and price has nothing to do with it. Now, if you want to be a part of our academy where we teach you like this gentleman here, Gotam, who just wrote this in June, you're welcome to join the academy. We're almost at 25,000 members. Of course, it's not for everyone. You have to be a hard worker. You have to be able to read, analyze, understand, and have the ability and the desire to learn. We're not going to feed you stock picks. We're going to teach you a system. If you don't want to learn, if you don't have the time, it's not for you. But if you want to learn for real and apply yourself and get better as an investor for the next five years, join the academy pay.com/dommnash. Would love to see you there. Our next meeting is coming up this Sunday. Would love to see you there. Peace.