============================================================
Video: GOCgrxc2LwA
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: NEXT MARKET CRASH: 10 Ways to Prepare for Stock Market Collapse
Date: 2025-03-22
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3689
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:42:43.236713
============================================================

The stock market is finished and you need to get out before Donald Trump causes a massive recession and a total stock market crash. At least that is what mainstream media, finance media, and social media is telling you right now. Every single headline is panic, fear, and doomsday scenarios causing you more and more stress and contributing nothing to building a winning strategy to survive this. Now, everybody right now because of what I just said is running around trying to figure out what to do. The main question I get asked every day now, Tom, is this the right time to sell before it gets worse, before it's too late? And the short answer is, it's complicated. Now, you know me. I don't play around with your time. I don't hold you hostage. So, don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. Now, I'm going to give you my straight answer. I'm going to offer you an actual strategy not just to survive what we're experiencing, but actually to thrive in this. So, I'm going to explain everything and then I'm going to build on top of that to give you a winning strategy to handle all of this better than 90% of retail investors out there. Over the past 75 years, since 1950, we had a lot of recessions. We had a lot of stock market crashes. 1953, 1960, 1969, 1973, 1980, the big Paul Vulkar recession. 1987 the black Monday. 1990 the Gulf War. 2000 the dotcom crash. 2008 the subprime crash. 2020 that was the COVID panic. We had 2022 inflation. A lot of bad things happened in the past 75 years that have caused recessions, market pullbacks, and even market crashes. For example, in 2000 where the NASDAQ dropped 80%. But all of these crashes, corrections, and all of these recessions have one thing in common. One thing that is the key to understanding how to handle this. And no, it's not about the market always bouncing back and dollar cost averaging. It goes deeper than that. It's comprised from two elements. Number one, no matter how you look at this, those crashes, recessions, pullbacks were always short-lived. And number two, they all had a reason. None of them just happened in a vacuum just because all of them had an underlying reason in the economy, in the policy. something happened that triggered those recessions, market pullbacks or corrections. And if you understand that, solving this and building a winning strategy around what we have right now is very, very simple. Because right now, the root cause that everybody is seeing for this upcoming stock market crash, recession, whatever, is the Donald Trump tariff policy. Everybody thinks that this tariff policy is going to be the next catalyst for the next crash, pullback, recession. So, what do we have here? What are we working with? Well, we have Donald Trump imposing tariffs on certain countries. Certain other countries are imposing tariffs on the US. And there is a risk of a trade war developing because Donald Trump says, "Well, if you do that, I'm going to do something worse." Then they do something worse. And there's this race to the top of who gets more, basically, who has the bigger tariff. Now, tariffs are just a fancy word for import taxes. That's all they are. Once I import goods into America, I got to pay tax on these goods. That is the tariff. It's just a fancy word for tax. And usually the ones that actually pay that initially are the importers. If I import a piece of steel from China to America and we have a tariff, well, I as the importer, I got to pay that initially to the US government. But wait, it doesn't end there. The problem is that now my whole profit margin is gone down the toilet and I got to raise prices so that the person that buys that steel from me, let's say I'm selling it to the auto industry in America. Well, they got to pay me that tariff, otherwise I don't make any money. So now these guys either have to absorb that or they got to roll it to the consumer. Depends on how strong the brand is. If they have a very, very strong brand, they can roll it over and have the consumer eventually pay the tariff. But maybe they're not strong enough. In that case, the company that buys that steel will have to pay it out of pocket. Essentially, what you have here is a very interesting result. Either the company that basically buys that steel reduces its profits, its profit margin because now it has to cover the tariffs or the consumers are paying more and their purchasing power gets eroded and inflation goes up. Either or there's no way around this. So the result is very very simple. Either you have companies closing, shutting down, maybe you have some layoffs because they're not as profitable. Consumers are basically spending way more to get the same. So their purchasing power goes down the toilet. Inflation goes up because prices goes up. You have less investments because the uncertainty in the economy and you have a lot of slowdown in the gross domestic product because of that. And on top of this, global supply chains go to the toilet which raises inflation even more. It's a very vicious cycle. That is the risk. Now a lot of these tariffs came from good intentions. I totally understand that. The initial idea of a tariff is put America first, lean and put some pressure on other countries. That's the intended unintended consequence of this thing. But everything in life has unintended consequence as well. I'm going to tell you a story back in colonial Delhi in India. They had a problem with cobras and that's not a good situation obviously. So the government of Delhi trying to figure out what to do with all these cobras. How do we get rid of them? There's just too many of them. And then somebody makes a very interesting suggestion. and they say, "Well, look, if we pay a bounty to anybody who hunts cobras and they bring us these dead cobras, well, we're going to get rid of all these cobras. We're going to incentivize people to just kill them." And initially, that works perfectly. People hunting cobras, making money, everything is great. But then they basically kill all the cobras. Not enough cobras. People still want to make money. So, what they start doing is breeding cobras in their homes, killing them, and bringing them to the government to get paid. Eventually, the government gets wind of what's going on, and they're like, "No, no, no, no. We're not paying you a bounty for any more cobras. Forget about it. So all these cobras that was bred in these houses basically gets dumped on the street because nobody wants them anymore. They're worthless. And now the cobra problem in Delhi is worse than they started with before this decree. That was the unintended consequence of trying to get rid of cobras through offering a bounty on killing these snakes. So basically initially it was great but then it got even worse because of unintended consequence and that is the fear that is the risk that people are pricing in right now into the Donald Trump tariffs. People are afraid that even though the intention is to help America this unintended consequence might end up with stagflation meaning high unemployment high inflation America a recession in a total stock market collapse. That's what the stock market is now pricing because the stock market is always a future-facing forward-f facing pricing mechanism of risks and uncertainties. And that is one hell of an uncertainty. And that is why a lot of investors are freaking out. A lot of them are unsure about what's happening. What's next? Do we have 6 to 12 months of a recession, a downturn, a correction? What happens to growth to the economy, to the job market? Do we have a recession? A stlflation? a lot of uncertainty that gets people uneasy, emotional, afraid, panic. Now, I don't want you to experience none of these. I just want you to have the ability to analyze this in cold, hard facts, objective fashion, no emotions. So, let's analyze this risk and let's see how we as smart long-term investors can mitigate that risk and actually flip it so we can make more money if this actually is the case. Because think about it this way, you have two scenarios. Scenario number one that these risks that Donald Trump is creating right now are not going to materialize like Tom Lee, for example, is saying. Tom Lee is saying, well, they're not going to go through with this long term. Eventually, this thing is going to get worked out with some sort of a deal. It ain't happening. And if that's the case, well, that's great. You don't do nothing. Sit back, relax, continue to DCA just like you did in 23 and 24. Basically, everything is fine. But maybe maybe those risks materialize. How do you prep for that? And that's why in this video, I'll give you a 10-step strategy to not only survive this, but actually to thrive in this environment should this worst case scenario happens. I'm actually going to show how the worst case scenario is actually your best case scenario. And let's start with number one. If you recall a couple weeks ago, I made a video about Palunteer. When the stock was at $115, I made a video actually my vehicle. I was too in a rush to actually make it to the office, but I basically said, "Look, folks, the stock is at $115. It has run up a lot from $6 to 115. It's 20x in just a couple years. If you have massive profits built in into the stock, trim a little. There's no shame in this. There's no blasphemy in this. This is not a marriage. You can trim a third off the top because this thing might go down 50% like this and you will be caught with 50% of your investment. If you can't stomach the volatility for whatever reason, that's correct for most investors. Unfortunately, trim one/ird. If you trim one/3 and the stock crashes, you're going to feel really smart. And if the stock continues to run, well, you still have 70% of your investment still riding all the way to the top. So, no problem. It's a risk mitigation. It's insurance. Don't let greed dictate your risk management decisions. And I'm going to say it again as well. If you are up big, trimming a third is smart. And a lot of people will say, "Well, Tom, Palanteer is now at 90. It was at 120 just a couple weeks ago. Why should I trim now?" That is called anchoring. You're anchoring yourself falsely to that 120 price. It's gone. It's like the money you lost in the casino. It's gone. It's no longer yours. You cannot win it back because it's not yours. You have to look at it objectively. Forget that $120. What is your cost basis? Let's say that your cost basis is now 10. The stock is at 90. You're up 9x on your money. It's a,000%. Is it smart to trim a third just in case given all the uncertainty and risk you have right now in the market? Hell yeah. Of course it is. Of course it is. No matter what happens, even if the stock keeps on running in this juncture, that's the right thing to do. If you were a shareholder of a company that holds Palunteer shares of $10 million and now you're up to $90 million because of the past two years, you have to explain to your board members why you didn't trim a little bit just to take some profits before the risk to mitigate all this risk and uncertainty. Are you just going to ignore that? No. You're going to say, "Well, my board of directors is going to kill me if I don't do this. I got to play right. I got to risk. I got to mitigate that risk. I have to do the smart thing. I can't just say yolo." The same thing here. If you are up big on certain positions, even if the price fell a little bit over the past month, still trimming right now would be smart. That's just insurance given all this uncertainty in front of you. Number two, you have to understand that fundamentals are way more important than short-term noise and hype. Now, Benjamin Graham always said this very important thing. The market is a voting machine in the short term and a weighing machine in the long term. What he meant is that over the long haul, the stock market always lets fundamentals beat out the hype. When we see hype take over for a year, for two years, that's normal. But if you zoom out over 10 years, 20 years, only fundamentals win. Hype cannot last you more than couple years. Don't ever forget this. The same thing is true when you have panic. Panic cannot outweigh great fundamentals. If a company is selling off despite having a great fundamental set that means that over time that thing is going to get corrected upwards. Number three stay the course. Now Fidelity actually has a very very famous study in which dead people and people who forgot about their accounts for decades outperformed people who are actively trading. Don't fall into this trap. The best 10 days of the stock market over the past 20 years are worth 50% of your return. If you miss the best 10 days over the past 20 years, you will be down 50% on your returns just because missing those 10 days means that much. Number four, DCA and DCA X2. What do I mean by that? DCA means dollar cost average. DCAX2 means dollar cost average double. Now, what this means is that you buy a certain stock that you love and you think you want to own for the next 10, 15, 20 years and you buy a fixed amount of it at all times non-stop. Every Monday, you buy it like clockwork. No matter what the price is, no matter like anything. And DCX2 means if the price of that stock drops below a certain point, which you predetermine for yourself, let's say 20%. In that case, you buy double than your usual amount. And as long as the price remains low, you continue to double down. That is the essence of the very famous Warren Buffett statement. When everybody's fearful, I'm greedy. And when everybody's greedy, I'm fearful. The same thing applies here. JP Morgan actually have a study that proves that people who bought a dip of 20% were up an average of 22% just 12 months later. On average, buying a 20% dip gives you a 22% return in just a year. That's JP Morgan saying that. That's not me. This thing works long-term over short term. And of course, you have to diversify, folks. Whether you're diversifying manually or you're using the S&amp;P 500 or other index to add diversification to a portfolio, that thing is a protection from yourself. You are your own worst enemy in the stock market. Diversifying is protecting yourself from your own dumb ass. Vanguard actually has a study that non-diversified concentrated portfolios underperform the diversified over the course of 10, 15, 20 years. The next thing is something I preach about non-stop. Have an emergency fund. That fund is completely misunderstood. People think it's there to pay for your rent and groceries for the time you lose your job in a recession. And certainly that's a good thing to have. But that's not the main point why I want you to have a 6 to main point why I want you to have a 6 to main point why I want you to have a 6 to 12 months worth of living expenses because think about it this way. Even if you don't lose your job, even if you keep your job, but then life happens, sickness, emergencies, something happens that requires you to have a big sum of money. And the only way to do it if you don't have that fund is to sell your stocks. But let's say you got caught in a downturn and now your stock portfolio is down 30, 40, 50%. If you don't have that emergency fund, you may be forced to liquidate at minus 50% when you don't want to. Having that fund is a safeguard from that. Now, Warren Buffett always said, when the tide goes out, you see exactly who's been swimming naked. Don't be that naked person. Have an emergency fund. Number six, always, always, always re-evaluate your allocations. Your allocations are very important. For my portfolio, I know I always have 40% in Palunteer. That thing never changes. And if it changes because Palanteer runs up or runs down, I always adjust. Now, you can adjust weekly, monthly, quarterly, annually, it's your choice. Make sure that your predetermined allocations of how much you want each stock to be a percentage of your entire portfolio remains even if a stock runs up or falls. Number seven, you have to monitor the earnings of companies you invest in. This is the canary in the coal mine, folks. Earnings are responsible to 75% of your stock market performance based on the long-term perspective. Over the long haul, a stocks performance will be a direct derivative of how good or bad earnings are. That includes the numbers, also includes the guidance, everything. You have to watch for warning signs for red flags. For example, a declining rate of growth of revenues, a declining margin of profitability. A lot of warning signs that you have to pay attention to before the crowd and the mass understands what's going on. This would be your canary in the call my moment. And of course, number eight, no emotional selling. Now, you can sell a stock at any time, even tomorrow, if you think that the stock is no longer good, if the fundamentals have deteriorated, if your thesis no longer holds, that's not the point. Don't ever sell a stock because the price drop because of emotional selling. That is why Warren Buffett always says that the stock market is a transfer mechanism of money from the impatient to the patient. That is why Dalbar actually has a study that shows that the average retail investor lags the stock market by 6%. Why? Because of panic selling, nothing else. Now also you have to include defensive stocks in your portfolio if you're entering a period of enhanced risk like we are right now. What are defensive stocks? Well, in the past four recessions, consumer staples, healthcare, and telecom were the best categories to own during that downturn. Which means that if a bad time happens, consumer staples, healthcare and telecom will be down on average 20 to 30% while the rest of the market can fall 50 60 70 80%. That means if you want to diversify your portfolio, those are the sectors where you need to be looking at in a time of elevated risk of a recession, a market pullback or a crash. And of course, you got to review your thesis. You can't just blindly continue to dca into companies. DCAing, dollar cost averaging, adding more money to positions which are garbage are not going to get you anywhere. If a stock was great a year ago, but now the thesis has changed, Alex Karp left Palanteer. Palanteer lost government contracts. Ela Musk announces that no more full self-driving. A thesis breaking event happened. You shouldn't continue to DCA into a company just because you have a massive position. You always have to review and re-evaluate the quality of the thesis. And that's why Schwab actually has a study that shows that people who always research and re-evaluate their thesis on an annual basis are two times less likely to panic sell. It's not just a defense mechanism against holding bad stocks. It's a defense mechanism against the previous item of emotional selling. And actually this Sunday I'm going to give a full lecture on my academy patron.com/tomnash on how to survive a bad market, how to invest in a bad market and how to make a lot of money, how to use a crash in the recession to make a lot of money, make generational wealth through smart strategies like the ones I just showed you in this video, but it's going to be way deeper than this. This is just the beginning. The shallow surface level stuff. If you want to learn, join us before Sunday. Join the academy. Watch the lecture. It's happening this Sunday. I'm going to be there live. If you want to catch me live come Sunday at 4 PM. Would love to see you there. patron.com. You can join the academy. And by the way, a quick hint to those who are still here at the end of the video. I'm building something new, something incredible. I'm revamping my entire coursework. We're building everything from scratch. New courses, new lectures. It's going to be 10 times better than what I have in my academy right now. More details on that will follow soon. I'm going to give away a lot of free stuff as well to get you guys up to speed with education. Not everything is going to be behind the pay wall. A lot of exciting stuff. I'm very excited to show you. But you still got to be patient just a little bit. It's coming soon. I'll see you next one.