============================================================
Video: M9thNJWLxFU
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a TESLA shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-08-11
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4083
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:11.666078
============================================================

Hey, this is Tom and this is going to be the most thorough deep dive of Tesla I have ever made on this channel. Now, over the past 12 months, my portfolio, which has 20% of Tesla in it, has done pretty well. I'm up 582% on Palunteer. I'm up 22% on my S&amp;P 500 allocation. And even Tesla is up 67%. Yes, I know it's hard to believe, but if you zoom out over 12 months, Tesla is up almost 70% despite the noise. So, over the past 12 months, my portfolio is up 255%. But this is not a video about my portfolio. This is a video about Tesla. Now, Tesla has not been kind to the shareholders over the past 8 months. Year-to- date, the stock is down 13% and it's not pleasant, especially if you're trading. A lot of people ask me, well, Tom, why is your portfolio so centric about Tesla and Palanteer? Because I don't want a bunch of mediocre stocks in my portfolio. I only want the creme de la creme, the best of the best. That's why I have Tesla and Palunteer. And in this video, I'm going to show you why Tesla, despite the current noise, despite the current sentiment, is actually just as good as Palunteer. Now, I've posted this a couple of weeks ago when the stock was even worse than it is right now, saying, "I've never been more bullish about Tesla." Now, the reason is very, very simple. You have to understand the potential, folks. in 2025. You know, when you look at a stock like Palunteer, which is about 40% of my portfolio, it is insanely obvious to everybody that the stock is going places right now. It's easy to say that after the stock shot up 500% over the past year, everybody all of a sudden sees the vision. Oh my god, we understand it now. Meanwhile, Tesla, who's been executing just as good, it's in the opposite direction. Everybody's hating on Tesla because of noise, because of Elon Musk tweets, because of politics, right? So, right now, what we have is that markets essentially chasing the momentum. Everybody's trying to get on Palunteer. Nobody wants to touch Tesla. It's down a lot. But I want to show you, as I said here in the chart, why I think that Tesla is such an asymmetric payoff. number one. Okay, right now Tesla is about trillion dollars of market cap, but it is still in the first innings of a baseball game. Probably in the second or third inning at the latest, right? It is currently in its current configuration and setup. Probably one of the most attractive stocks with the highest riskreward profiles I can think of. And it has four different routes for massive outside gains that nobody's focusing on because of the noise. And if four out of four actually hit, we're talking about a potential that is out of this world. Even if half of them pan out over the next 5 years, Tesla is going to significantly increase its revenues and profit margins. Now, the first of these four elements that are going to take Tesla to the next level over the next 5 years is Tesla energy. Now Tesla energy rarely gets discussed but it is a very very quiet and silent but a very strong profit engine right now for Tesla. Right now it's about 10% of the revenues but if you look at deployments we're up more than 200% of the past year. The margin is about 30%. And if you look at what's going on on the global stage the demand and the shortage in batteries and storage is going out of control. And if you look at 2025, we're going to see another 50% at minimum of deployments of energy. Now, you have a new factory coming up in Texas and basically we have a bandwidth from Tesla increasing and increasing. Tesla is investing a lot of time and resources in increasing the capacity for a reason. Now, as you can see here on this chart, this is what's going on with Tesla energy over the past few years. The thing with the energy business right now, you have to look at the numbers because we can't just say energy is doing well. We have to look at the numbers. Right now, we have about 30 gawatt hours of deployments in 2024, right? That generated about $10 billion of revenue. And right now, we have, as I said earlier, expansion in capacity both in China and in Texas. And in 2030, every single expectation out there is that Tesla is going to deploy about 100 gawatt hours. So from 30 to 100 in about 5 years and that is a conservative estimate. Now if Tesla actually sells a mega pack which is about 3.9 megawatt hours for about a million dollars that's $250 per kilowatt hour right now at a 100 gawatt hours we're talking at $25 billion of revenue just from mega packs over the next 5 years. That's 2 and a halfx from now. Now, that's just one little item and we just added $25 billion to Tesla's revenues in five years. Now, there are much much bigger things for Tesla than energy which are insanely undervalued and misunderstood and one of them is Tesla robo taxi. Now, one of the biggest issues with robo taxis is that people don't understand how much of a gamecher they are. We're talking a movement from a business model where Tesla has one-time sales of low margin vehicles to recurring SAS revenue model with insanely high margins. Now, if you look at all the data around the world, we're talking about a 6 to7 trillion market in ride hailing by 2030, right? So, if you look at self-driving taxis, right? We're looking at a massive TAM that nobody's considering right now, right? Because today, ride hailing basically means Uber, right? You call a person, the person comes, you get in taxi. Imagine the taxi is cheaper, it's quieter, and it's autonomous. Basically improving your customer experience, making it cheaper. We're talking about an insane growth in total addressable market. And if you look at Tesla with their advantages in technology, in data, in electric vehicles, they have the perfect platform to dominate this new robo taxi service. Now, if you compare the robo taxis to traditional taxi segment, I mean, it's pretty no-brainer. It's kind of a layup, right? Of course, of course, there are two key assumptions here that, you know, must materialize for this to happen. And there's no certainty obviously in anything except, you know, we're all going to die. We're all going to pay taxes. There's nothing certain except that. So, the first assumption is that Tesla has to actually solve FSD, full autonomy. Now, if you look at the limited launch they had in Austin, Texas, they are very, very close. The assumption number two is that regulators don't throw a monkey wrench into this thing and kill it. Well, again, as you can see from the current approach from the US government, doesn't seem to be the case. Now, if this thing actually launches over the next 5 years, we're talking about a gross margin of 50%. And that is a hell of a lot higher than the current human taxes 20% margin we have. And by 2030, Tesla can deploy about a million of these either through dedicated vehicles or through repurposing of existing Tesla vehicles like they're doing in Austin right now. And the thing here is the utilization, right? With taxis, you're about 30% utilization because you have to have a human driver, there's maintenance, etc., etc. With these EVs, self-driving EVs, we're talking about 50% utilization. That's a 12hour shift. Now, of course, you have to talk about Whimo here because Whimo is the only real competitor to Tesla. But even here, it's a layup. The capex that required for each single vehicle here just makes it not competitive with Tesla. Tesla is cheaper. It is vertically integrated and it's going to be significantly cheaper as a result per mile versus Whimo. Whimo will not be able to compete at scale with with Tesla just because of the cost structure of the way they cars are built. Now, if you look at robo taxi economics here, you have Uber and Lyft about $2 per mile right now. If you order an Uber today, you're paying about $2 per mile. H if you drive your own car, it's a little bit cheaper, about.7 cents per mile. A Tesla robo taxi is going to be at 30 to50 cents per mile. I mean, that's a lot cheaper than anything you have in the market right now. Now, the reason is quite simple. You know, EVs are a lot cheaper to run. They're a lot cheaper to maintain. There's no human driver that needs to get paid and as I mentioned it earlier we have a very very high utilization percentage because of all of these things. So the profit margin is a lot higher and it is cheaper for the end user. Now how big can robo taxi be by 2030? Well look if we're looking at it realistically Tesla can hit about 7 million vehicles on the roads in 2030 either via dedicated vehicle or a repurpose of Model Y's or maybe a combination of the two. We're talking about a 100,000 miles per year at 50% utilization. And we're talking about 700 billion of miles per year. And at 50 cents per mile, the economics show us about $300 billion of revenue. At 50% gross margin, that's about $150 billion of gross margin. Basically, by 2030, Tesla is going to operate a taxi as a service model at very high margin and at much bigger scale than anything we've seen. so far. Now if you look at the other kind of cousin of robo taxi which is the FSD, FSD is the foundation of robo taxi but FSD in itself is a massive potential generator of revenue and profit for Tesla again for the next 5 years. Now again here we have assumptions we have to hit for this thing to materialize and there's five of them that I listed here. You have to have level four. You have to have the only level four. You have to have 25 to 30 million vehicles on the road. Adoption rate must be at least 50% for Tesla customers. And you have to have a licensing deal with automakers and OEMs around the world. Now, as far as FSD right now, and this is the way it's going to be, I think for the next 5 years, you have two ways to pay for FSD. Either by a monthly subscription or through a one-time purchase. Now, as far as 2030 goes, if we talk about a one-time purchase numbers, we're talking about 15 to $20,000 per vehicle, assuming level four, not the current FSD, right? 30 40% of Tesla buyers will probably buy FSD upfront according to all estimates and with higher penetration because of the greater utility, because of marketing efforts in 2030, that's obviously not a very tall order. Now, if you assume 5 million vehicles that will be sold in 2030, about onethird of them, 35% will adopt FSD on a one-time purchase. That means about $1.8 million FSD purchases in 2030. That means 27 billion of revenue just from FSD, one-time sales in 2030. And obviously, the gross margin here is the key. It's 80% because it's a software business. A software business operates on 80% gross margin like any SAS which means that those 27 billion turn to 22 billion of gross profit and margins that Tesla has not tasted yet. Now if you look at the subscription model also a significant driver for Tesla revenues in 2030 subscriptions will be about $2400 annually at 200 per month. If again talking about 5 million concurrent FSD users in 2030, that's $12 billion in 2030. Basically, Tesla is going to run this kind of hybrid model where you have upfront sales to generate cash and you have a lot of subscription income coming in throughout the year, both at 80% gross margin. Now, as far as licensing, this is where it gets interesting. Now, Elen already confirmed that Tesla is in discussions with major OEMs about using Tesla's FSD. Now, I think that right now it's obvious that every single OEM right now in the world is not having an easy time with full self-driving technology, right? A lot of them gave up already because of high cost, because of the slow or lack of progress. And right now, Tesla's cheap and easy to install camerabased FSD is clearly superior to everybody else. They're the closest to level four. There are no real competitors with the exception of Mobile Eye, which is an Intel subsidiary, but they use LAR. It's costly, it's more complex, it's less advanced, it's not a real competitor. Now, once Tesla actually hits level four with just cameras, it's game over. Basically, auto manufacturers around the world are going to be saying, "Well, look, we're not going to be building this thing. We're not going to be spending tens or hundreds of billions of dollars of reinventing the wheel. Let's just buy it from Tesla. let's let's just, you know, fork over the little bit of cash they need and let's get it done, which would eventually end up in Tesla generating way more revenues from licensing to other OEMs than it does from selling vehicles today. So, you've got multiple models here that are possible that have been talked about over the past few years. One would be OEMs paying directly to Tesla. Another that Tesla is going to actually charge the users directly after they buy the vehicle to open FSD. It doesn't really matter. But if you look at both of these, right, we're talking about 250 million electric vehicles on the road in 2030 according all estimates. If you assume a 10% FSD adoption from Tesla, that's 25 million vehicles in 2030 at a $5,000 per vehicle, which is not a huge assumption to make. We're talking about $125 billion in revenue for Tesla in 2030 at 80% gross margin. Again, because this is software, we're talking about a hundred billion of gross profit in 2030. Now, if you look at 2030 here, we're talking about 27 billion from FSD purchases, another 12 billion from the uh subscription model, and then 125 billion from licensing to OEMs. Total FSD segment 2030 for Tesla should be about $164 billion. Now, we're only going through two elements. Now we have to talk about Optimus and the humanit robots because that's another massive thing. Now as far as what's going on right now in the world, we all know the reality, right? We have aging population. We have a demographic crisis in many western countries in China as well. Birth rates are falling. And you have a lot of physically demanding, dangerous, repetitive, disgusting jobs humans don't want to do anymore. Humanade robots can actually work for hours. They can perform all these hard repetitive tasks and they don't get sick, they don't get tired, they get, you know, they don't skip work, they don't eat, they, you know, they don't go to coalplay concerts to cheat on their spouses. Basically, what you have here is that right now the industry is built for humans, right? For human dexterity, for human sizes, etc., etc. Not everywhere you can put a robotic arm in, right? But the thing is, a humanoid robot that resembles a human body structure can't fit in and replace humans exactly for places that were never engineered for robotics and completely change the game. And this is the key here, right? You're talking about warehousing, logistics, manufacturing, construction, healthcare, um, hospitality, retail, and in later stages, you have elder care. Of course, that's a lot. There's safety and regulation issues here, right? You have cleaning, you have food services, you have household robots. Imagine every house have their own kind of uh butler robot. Imagine you can customize your robot to speak in an English accent. That would be epic. I'm I'm definitely going to do that. Advances in batteries and electric motors. Basically means these things will be able to operate for hours and hours without charging. You have machine vision. You have sensors. You have real time motion planning. That's has been doing it with FSD for years. Cloud connectivity, AI, edge AI. Basically, it's going to be a gamecher. Of course, initially the first units are going to be insanely expensive. That's fine. But as volume production goes up and up and up, cost will go down. The only question here is um can this be cheaper than hiring a human? And let's find out. So, let's talk about numbers. So, assuming Optimus is going to be $25,000. Again, an assumption, right? Assume 5 year of useful operating period, 4,000 hours per year. You're talking with electricity, with maintenance, all the numbers are here. And with the initial costs spread over five years at about $7,300 annual cost. That's including the unit cost, the maintenance cost, and the electricity. So $7,300 per year for 4,000 working hours for the Optimus. Now, as a human employee in the US, you're going to be paying $80,000. In the EU, you're going to be paying $80,000. in China a lot cheaper, $14,000 per year. But the humanoid robot, according to these numbers, is going to be working double and costing one half of what it costs in China and onetenth of what it costs in the US and Europe. It's even cheaper than China. If you don't understand how massive of a gamecher this is, you out of your mind now at this point. Well, Tom, we understand why it's a huge game changer. But why Tesla? I mean, look at what humanoid robots require. AI, batteries, electric motors, electronics, sensors, and small computers that run very complex problems without overheating. This is literally where Tesla has its domination, right? Tesla makes electronics. It writes software. It builds drivetrains. It generates a lot of data from cameras with FSD that's useful for these robots. Dojo basically cuts the training cycle every single cycle. It gets cheaper and cheaper and faster and faster. The latest Optimus we've seen, they can manipulate simple objects. They can practice coordinated motion and they can learn from human demonstrations. And Tesla's already started to deploy them in limited capacity in factories. I think they're doing this to show a proof of concept ahead of everybody else. And if they actually get it done, we're talking about billions, billions, billions of jobs that this thing can do. You don't need aggressive assumptions here to understand the potential. Let's say that you have a million units deployed in 2030, which I think is very low across factories, logistics, and retail. You're talking about $25,000 per per unit. That's $25 billion just in hardware revenue. Now, you add in servicing, maintenance, upgrades, another 12%. So, another $3,000. So, for 1 million Robinson 2030, we talk about 3 billion of revenue from services. 25 plus 3, it's $28 billion in 2030 revenues. assuming just a million units in 2030. Now, if you look at all of these things combined that we just did here, the robotics, the energy, FSD, robo taxi, you're looking at 28 billions from robotics, FSD 164 billion, robo taxi 300 billion, energy 25 billion. And let's assume that in 2030 Tesla sells vehicles at $80 billion. Basically, Tesla's revenues are going to seem like they're out of this world. From 93 billion today, trailing 12 months, to 597 billion in 2030. That's a 542% increase in revenue by 2030. If you think that the stock price is not going to reflect that, you're out of your mind. Now, we had Tesla as a top stock in our top stocks list in the Rock Academy since 2021. When we added it, the stock was 144. It's up 125% since, but I still believe that the biggest upside is yet to be made. And I have a price target on this of $1,400 by 2030. That's a 324% expected increase in market cap. But as I showed you again a second ago, we're looking at a 542% expected revenue increase. So that's absolutely within the realm of reason. Now, Tesla is not for everyone, folks. Tesla stock is insanely volatile. We had three different times over the past six years when the stock dropped 50% more. Tesla declined 54% from 2017 to 2019, but it's up 20x cents in six years. Buy the dip moment in hindsight. In 2020, we had a 50% drop in a month from March to April. Again, 10x cents. Another buy the dip moment. In 2022, 73% drop from November 21 to January 23. A long period from 400 to 113. up 3x cents in two and a half years. Another buy the dip moment. So, we had a lot of this portfolios destroyed, bears celebrating, skeptics saying, "Oh, it's over." But in six years, it's up 20x. Tesla always punishes the traders and rewards long-term investors. Now, there's a lot of short-term drama with Tesla. There will always be because of Elon. He's always going to be a drama addict. It doesn't change the fact that the four four key growth sectors here, energy, FSD, robot tax, and human robotics is going to determine how well this company does over the next 5 years. Has nothing to do with short-term drama. And if you look at the financials, well, Tesla has 37 billions of cash versus 13 billion of debt. That's three times more cash than debt. They had 27 billion last year in cash. So, they're increasing. The cash flow is up 400% of the past 12 months. $7 billion of free cash flow. They have zero trouble financially. plenty of cash flow that the massive free cash flow and as you can see here in stock MVP stock-mpp.com which is a platform I've built for you guys to evaluate stocks and you can do your own DCFS there you can run your models score every single stock at stock-mpp.com at stockp we have 85 for Tesla it's losing a little bit on the current margin setup and a lot of PE but as I said earlier the PE is going to catch up and the profit margin right now is all about vehicles and the transformation so that 85 is actually going to be a lot higher in a few years, but even now Tesla is scoring 85 because it's that good. Now, the bottom line here is very simple. Tesla sits on every major secular trend we know of right now in the market. They have a top tier CEO. They have a top tier talent. Wall Street will never understand Tesla and that's fine. That makes us money. A lot of risk here, a lot of may, a lot of assumptions, but there's so much upside. I think it's definitely worth it. Sure, the premium on the PE is massive at 100 PE. I get it. But you're buying something that's transformative, generational, and I've never been more bullish on Tesla. Now, if you want to join us, join a community and become a better long-term investor. I've put a little um testimonial we've gotten here just a few days ago. I think this is where a week ago. You can pause and read it later. This is not somebody who made millions of dollars. He just talks about the academy, which I think is the way to explain it. If you join us, patreon.com/dtomnash, we have 22,000 members. We'll teach you how to become a better long-term investor. You'll get access to existing lectures. You participate in new lectures. You had access to our amazing community where you can interact with like-minded long-term investors. And you can try it out for 30 days risk- free with money back guarantee to everybody who tries. Thank you so much, and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.