============================================================
Video: QaDrvdPE1vA
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: This Investing Opportunity Could Change (Early Investors) Life
Date: 2025-08-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2994
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:17.395435
============================================================

Hey, this is Tom. And you know folks, every few decades we get a chance to watch greatness. It happens in sports much like it happened with Michael Jordan, LeBron James. It happens in the investing world like it happened with Nvidia or Palunteer. And right now, last week, we were just handed a massive opportunity that comes along once in every few decades. And yet, nobody's talking about that. the opportunity is going to be utilized by a couple of smart investors, by early investors who understand what they're looking at, while the vast majority of the retail investment community is going to miss out on this and get in late like they always do. So, in this video, the only thing I ask of you is don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing, just listen. Now, as you can see, I'm in a hotel room. I'm traveling, but I got to make this video because I don't want you to miss out on this opportunity. not going to put this behind the pay wall. I'm giving everything away for free in this video. There's nothing to pay, nothing to buy. I just want you to listen. So, check this out. I've made this little slide to show you what happened last week. Last week, we've gotten data from the largest companies in the world, basically showing us how much money they've spent on AI infrastructure versus how much money they were expected to spend. And as you can see, we now have evidence that the AI arms race has just been unleashed. It's just starting. Microsoft, Amazon, Meta, and Google are spending like there's no tomorrow. A lot higher than the spending that was expected. And by the way, if you combine these numbers, these four numbers, what you're going to get is about $420 billion. And no, this is not a joke. This is purely coincidence. In 2016, the entire market of hyperscalers were spending $50 billion. And back then, people were saying, "Well, that's crazy. That's never going to go much higher. That's just insanity." Now, they're spending 420 just these few companies alone. Now, we also haven't even talked about the fact that Oracle is now jumping in with tens of billions of dollars. So if money is our alphabet, like it says in the slide, if money is our language, the market is now saying it very clearly. Whoever owns the capacity to compute this AI is going to be the owner of the picks and shovels of the AI industry. What do I mean by picks and shovels? This is a term that I commonly use back from the gold rush days. In the gold rush, the people who were prospecting for gold, a little bit of them made money, most of them were broke. But the people who sold the picks and shovels and tents and jeans and explosive, all of them, without exception, all got rich. So, you always want to be investing in the picks and shovels sellers, not in the prospectors. And this is the same thing here. Now, why am I doing this in my hotel room without my setup in the middle of my vacation? What's the urgency, Tom? Couldn't you do this in a couple weeks? Look, I think that what we're looking right now with AI is a massive paradigm shift, right? It's going to impact everything you do today. Starting from search all the way to how you buy clothes to logistics to customer support to advertising to medical services, HR, everything we're doing today both in industry, leisure, sports, education, culture, everything is going to be dominated by large language models, which means we're going to have massive traffic of AI, massive usage of these data centers, and whoever is going to be owning these roads is going to have a toll booth. on the hottest road in town. So now what you're seeing is all these companies are trying to land grab. They're trying to create a situation where they're gaining as much real estate as possible because they understand what's coming. Now for you as an investor, obviously you're not going to be buying data centers or investing in actual land, but you can benefit from this, right? So I think number one as an investor we all have to admit right now in case that wasn't obvious that the whole oh my god we have margin erosion capex is coming down all of this is nonsense the data shows you that no we're just getting started up right I think as I said before the opportunity is in the infrastructure play not in the LMS right you have Nvidia with unrivaled chips we have ASML which is a monopoly in the machines who are building the machines we have Oracle basically providing cloud that is more tailored for the high-end users. We have Palunteer with the only operating system that actually works with LM for organizations. ARM owns the blueprints. Cadence owns the design. And then you have the cooling with VRT. We have the energy issue with CEG. All of these companies that are fulfilling an important role in the Pix and Shovels industry, they will all benefit. And at the end of this video, I'm going to give you a list of 11 stocks who I know will be a huge part of this paradigm shift and who are kind of the beginning stage of your research. This is the short list from which you want to start researching where you going to be invested for the next 10 years. Now, this is obviously not a risk-free play. Of course not. You know, for the most part, valuations on most of these companies and not Nvidia, but a lot of the other companies are absolutely insane. We have a lot of geopolitics in play, export controls, Donald Trump, China, Taiwan issues. Maybe the regulators come in with antitrust. There's obviously execution risk on the side of the companies. And you know, there's also talent shortages. There's only so many people who are good enough and qualified to work in this industry. And yet there's so much demand. So there are risks. It's not like it's a risk-free industry. But like I said in the beginning of this video, we are still extremely early, folks. This is the first inning of a baseball game. This is the first quarter of a basketball game. This is the first 10 minutes of a football game, soccer game. Okay, what we're looking at right now, the numbers that we've seen for the big four companies I showed you in the first slide, these numbers would seem unimaginable, impossible just in 2022. We have right now massive industry that haven't even started looking at large language models. the adoption there is literally zero. Right? And if you look at the past of internet and all sorts of basic change that happened in technology that basically uh allow humanity to kind of do a quantum leap. The adoption curve on these things it takes you know at least a decade at minimum. I think that for most investors that are investing in AI right now the biggest risk is not going to be valuations. is going to be impatience because it will be volatile and it's going to scare a lot of investors. I think impatient investors, they will get punished. But the patient ones, I think they'll do fine. So for me, you know, um I think that the fuse has been lit. I think that the as I said the the slide, the blast radios is going to be all over the place. Everybody's going to get a taste of this pie, you know, semiconductor software. Every service that touches this is going to benefit, right? And I think investors who understand this and who can absorb volatility and not get too emotional, I think they'll do fine. You know, people who going to be watching headlines, they're going to be trading in and out, they're going to be doing all this nonsense, they're going to make a little bit of money, but the people who just invest in good companies and just sit there for the next 10 years. I think they'll make the real money. Now, for me, it's very important to show you the math. And the math don't lie, right? So we've seen the total spent by hypers skill right now is $423 billion, right? Uh the aggregate free cash flow of uh these hyperscalers is $360 billion. So they're spending more than the free cash flow. That doesn't happen unless there's a massive massive change. There's a birth of a new technology that is generational. That only happens in this situation. When you have that setup, it's screaming to you. The math is screaming to you. Hyperscalers understand that the payoff is going to be so huge. It makes sense to overspend right now because the payoff is going to be massive. Unless they, you know, unless you think that all of the hyperscalers are idiots, they're spending like crazy right now because they know the payoff is coming. It's going to be massive. Now, to me, it's important that you understand the risks, not to ignore them. For example, there's nothing certain in life except death and taxes and all this industry might collapse. You know, as I said before, there's regulations, there's exponent, there's there's electricity issues. You know, power grids are not built for this yet. We have a lot of infrastructure work that has to happen. And it's okay to understand them. We don't have to be, you know, an ostrich and put our hand in the sand and just ignore them. But it's also important to understand that the opportunity is is is so huge that even with these risks, it's worth it, right? And the upside is just still big. Um, and I think that AI is going to absolutely rewrite the rules of everything we do today. All the games. It's a new alphabet, right? And in the past, if you look at it, there has never been like a new technology that changed the world was stopped by regulators or because we didn't have the infrastructure. It's not like when Henry Ford invented the vehicles, people said, "Well, we don't have enough roads for these cars. We don't have highways." Well, did we not have cars because we didn't have highways? Obviously, the infrastructure follows the technology. railroads, telecom, the internet, all these examples you're seeing on the screen right now, all of them had issues with regulators and infrastructure, and yet all of them made it through. I don't think AI is going to be any different. I think that, you know, a lot of chatter about valuations. I mean, look at Nvidia. It's 4B is about 50. You know, if they hit the mark in the next quarter, they're going to be in the 30s. ASML is 35. I mean, there's not a lot of overvaluation with Nvidia and SML. Some companies like Palanteer are insanely overvalued but in the short term but that's okay. You know this is the premium for scarcity not some hype pipe dreams that hot air you know makes sense to pay premium for premium stuff. I mean the capital spend is showing us that this is the next revolution and it's also showing us the game just starting. I think that for the cash investor, they look at this and they'll think, "Oh, this is a nice business." But I think experienced investors looking at this and saying, "Oh my god, oh my god, this is insane." And you have to understand that every dollar that's get spent by these hyperscalers, it's more jobs, more secondary effect. So every dollar spent is leading to more dollars spent to more. It's this flywheel effect. And the latest numbers they showing us that this is actually happening and it's happening a lot faster, a lot bigger than what anybody thought. Right now, you know, we're looking at pretty much kind of a same pattern like we had with the internet days, you know, the broadband internet era. And people have made a lot of money in that time. Even though, you know, it felt very hypy when it happened. Even though there were a lot of fakers, a lot of like look at Cisco, what happened with Cisco, a lot of nonsense, right? But nevertheless, a lot of people have made money from that change. I think that right now with AI, we're nowhere close to being saturated, and the numbers actually prove that. Now, this is the winners list. I'm going to go through them one by one to show you what the numbers actually look like. Nvidia they dominate uh the compute with GPUs. SML they own the lithography industry. Oracle is basically creating cloud for the massive biggest companies in the world. Palunteer is the only operating system. ARM owns the designs. Cadence actually designs. Qualcomm uh brings that to your phone to gadgets to your car. CG is the power solution. Uh you have VRT with the cooling. TSM is the world's manufacturer and Microsoft basically is right now the biggest fastest growing well maybe not the biggest yet but the fastest growing cloud provider and infrastructure play. So let's go one by one. So this is Nvidia. I'm looking at it at stocknvp.com stock-mpp.com. It's a platform I built for you guys to evaluate stocks to look at scorecard like this to run your DCF and to basically research your way into an investment instead of you know doing what somebody else told you, right? So check out stockp stock-mpp.com. Uh for the next 24 hours, we're going to have a code BF35. You can get it at 35% off. The code expires in 24 hours. Okay. Nvidia scores 90 out of 100 on a scorecard. One of the highest scores we've ever had on stock MVP. Uh and as you can see right here, the only loss here with P ratio because anything above 30p gets a zero. That's why Nvidia gets a zero on the last score. But all of these companies are going to get a zero on that. So this is as high as you can score with the current setup of the scorecard. Then we have ASML scoring 85 out of 100 also a very high score. We have Oracle with a lot of problems here on the surface. But if you look deeper all of this is basically spanning from Oracle investing all this extra money in in cloud. So Oracle is jumping in into an existing industry. They have to compete with all the big hyperscalers. So they're spending all this money. They're boring all this money. And that's why, you know, the scorecard isn't great, but that's just a result of them basically building a new industry. And that's not something that scares me at all. Palunteer scores 90 out of 100, very, very similar with Nvidia. The only problem is the P ratio. The same story with Nvidia. ARM 80 out of 100, very high score. Cadence scores 80 out of 100, very high score. Qualcomm 85 out of 100, also terrific score. These are some of the best scores we have on stockp for any company. CG, the energy solution, scores 80 out of 100, very high score. VRT, 80 out of 100, extremely high score. And TSMC, the world's manufacturer of semiconductors, 85 out of 100. All great companies, as you can see on stock-mpp.com. These are some of the highest scores we had. Microsoft 80 out of 100 as well. Very good. So, what's the strategy? What's the play, Tom? Well, number one, how do you pick the best ones? I'll talk about that in a second. But once you've picked the best ones for you, you have to generate a long-term horizon. Understand you're not going to be moved by noise. You trim if it flies too high. You take 10% 20% off the top. You buy more when it panic when it sells and you DCA at double down. And everything else you just DCA dollar cost average as normal. Okay. But mainly mainly mainly the thing here is once you understand the DCA system is to evaluate businesses to understand how to do your own due diligence and to pick the best companies not because Tom said that this company is great or your uncle said that this company is great. You know use your brain and use your skills to evaluate and do your own due diligence and pick the best companies while everyone else is fighting with P ratios. How do you do that? Well, for example, in our academy, we have evaluated Oracle, Cadence, ASML, ARM, CEG, VRT, and Qualcomm just over the past two months. You know, since June 16th, these companies, we've done a full deep dive, and you can go on the academy right now, join, and watch these evaluations. But if you want to go deeper and you want to learn how to actually become a long-term investor and do these evaluations yourself, do your due diligence yourself, we have a few spots left at the academy. You can join the Rock Academy or the Rock Academy Elite on patreon.com/dommnash. Would love to see you there. We have 22,000 students who are staying there, not because I'm nice and not because of my jokes. And if you want to learn how to do this yourself instead of having somebody else pick for you, join the academy. Try it out. 30 days money back guarantee. If you're not happy for any reason, I'll see you in the academy. Peace.