============================================================
Video: _JGXlQh4Wsw
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a PALANTIR shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-05-08
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5428
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:40:59.380594
============================================================

This is massive for Palanteer. We finally have confirmation that Palunteer is a trillion dollar company and a $500 stock. The question is when, not if. And yet 90% of retail investors will completely miss it. Absolutely. Like every single time, nothing changes. Now, since you're on this channel, it's not going to happen. So, don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Listen, this is going to be the most deep dive, the most thorough review of the latest financials of Palunteer. Not because I'm the smartest, it's because I've actually done the work that most people don't want to do. Certainly not mainstream media. Usually the way earnings call play out is that we have the presentation, we have the highlights, the main numbers, we have the earnings call and then people move on to the next news cycle. But a day later, we actually have the filing, the 10 cues, the quarterlys, 150 pages of information, critical information about the company. And sadly, nobody wants to see that information. Everybody's focusing on the tip of the iceberg, folks. This is the investing story for 90% of RIT investors. Everybody's fixated about this, about the tip of the iceberg, about price. 90% of investors only care about this. The earnings came out. We had the hoop play around it. The price dropped. People came to certain conclusions and now they have already moved on to other things, bigger and bigger things. But the real story is actually hiding below the surface level. It is the whole iceberg right here. We're talking about margins. We're talking about potential. We're talking about balance sheets. We're talking about the quality of management. We're talking about growth, the business model. All of these things. What's going on with them? The update. Are they getting better? How much better? All of this information is provided to you for free in the 10 cues that they file just a day after the earnings. But again, nobody wants to do the work. Nobody wants to finish that 150 pages to learn about the company, actually do due diligence about the company. Everybody want to be fixated on the price. And this is why so far 90% of people have not fully utilized the potential of Palunteer from 2022 until now. They've made some money but not the full potential. Now obviously it doesn't happen to my community. It doesn't happen to my students to my academy but the vast majority of rich investors out there. They're here. Now what I've done so you don't have to. I actually went ahead and read the full 150 pages and I've basically made a complete deep dive covering every single little detail you need to know about Palunteer, the business, all of this part right here. And I will also show you today why this latest earnings convinced me that Palunteer is now certainly 100% a $500 stock and a trillion dollar company in the making. Now, when I say 100%, we got to put a little caveat in that. Nothing in investing is 100%. 100% based on what we know today. Tomorrow aliens can come, the world can go. I mean, things can happen. Obviously, nothing is 100% life except death and taxes. But given what we have right now, given the information we got in the latest earnings, Palunteer right now is on a trajectory that's leading 100% to a trillion dollar valuation. Of course, assuming they don't get derailed by things we don't know, unknowns, unknowns, but that's always the case with any investing project. Now, enough of me blathering here. Let's go forward. Right now, I want you to take a look at this thing right here. Right? What most people in the stock market don't understand, and the same story happens with Palunteer every single year, the same happens with other companies. Right now, it's happening with Tesla, is that they get fixated on the price. But what they don't notice is that the holy grail of investment, the perfect setup of investment actually happens when the vast majority of the market is selling. when the vast majority of the market is not excited about a stock. This is the chart I'm looking for every single time. This is my holy grail. I want to be buying when the price is dropping while at the same time the quality of the business is going up. If I can find a company, if I can find a stock which has an incredibly improving business and yet a stagnating or declining price action, that is my massive opportunity. And in today's video, since you all know what happened to the price action, I'm going to show you what happens with the other line with the business. Let's focus on the business. And I'll show you why despite the decline in price after the earnings, the quality of the business has improved so much that Pilot at this point is absolutely unstoppable. This is literally the next Microsoft level company in the making. And yet, most investors again refuse to do the work and actually analyze and figure this out on their own. Hopefully, since you're watching this video, you're not going to be in that camp. Now, let's start with some dry numbers. I apologize for that, but we got to do it since we got to set but we got to do it since we got to set but we got to do it since we got to set some boundaries, right? So, Q1 numbers are absolutely insane. $883 million of revenue in just one quarter. Palenteer did 1.5 billion in a whole year just a couple years ago. We're talking about a annual run rate of 3.5 billion based on this space. We're talking about the fact that this is the fastest growing quarter that pilot had in 10 quarters and this is happening in a very very strange uncertain times definitely I would say shaky macroeconomics and yet pilenteer delivered insane mid30s growth on their earnings and a 24% net income margin. Palunteer is banking 24 cents on the dollar at the end of the day in their bank while growing at mid30s. That is a unicorn. And I'll show you in a second how the pace of improvement in the palunteer is improving exponentially exactly like I predicted back in 2022 when most people were not ready to deal with it. Now let's move on to the next item. So on this slide again last slide with boring numbers I promise you. On this slide, I also want to show you what happens with the balance sheet because the balance sheet is kind of your scorecard as a management as far as how good you're actually running the business, right? So, right now we have assets improving from 6.3 to 6.7. Cash is 5.5 billion, no debt, current liabilities are declining, total liabilities are declining, which is good. You want your liabilities to come down and you want your cash to be high and you want to increase your assets. Literally the perfect balance sheet that you can just think of. This would be the equivalent of taking a video game and building a sliders for a for a NBA 2K player that can shoot 100% and dunk from half court and essentially be the perfect player. Impossible in real life, but possible in the stock markets. And you know, we're looking at a balance sheet that has just perfection written all over it. It doesn't mean that the company's perfect. It doesn't mean it doesn't have flaws. It does have flaws and risks. I'll talk about that as well. But from a balance sheet perspective, this is as good as they get, folks. Now, let's move on to you know some more interesting stuff. Right? I want to show you the development of Palunteer 2021 to 2025, right? What happened in this stretch of time from the hype to now? Remember 2021 we had the hype, the stock ran from 10 to 35, then crashed. So what transpired as far as the business? Now this is actually very interesting. Look, this is the revenues. Revenues went up from 331 to 8.83. So essentially we have tripled the earnings. At the same time, we improved net income. This is the money in the pocket at the end of the day from a negative 123 million loss to 217 million of net income. That's a 3x. So 3x better revenues, 3x better net income and operating expenses at the same time also increased but they only increased by 40%. So while revenues are three times better, net income is three times better, the expenses to generate all this extra money have increased only by 40%. You seeing the difference here? This is scaling folks. When the revenues grow a lot a lot faster than the expenses, this is a scalable business. Especially if you look at the assets, the assets went from 3.3 to 6.7 at the same time. So assets have doubled, revenues have tripled, net income have tripled, and the operating expenses are up by 40%. This is scale in the making. Now this is a three-year view of the main highlights of Palunteer that we finally get now since we have the 10 Q's, we have the financials, we can actually compare apples to apples, right? So, I've actually compared these quarterlies with the quarties from three years ago. Revenues are up 90%. Operating income is up 220%. Cash is up 115%. Free cash flow is up almost 500%. In 3 years, net income is up 216%. These are imaginary numbers. This would be a video game numbers, Monopoly numbers. At the same time, on the expense side, well, as I said before, OPEX operating expenses are up 40%. But capital expenditures are actually down 40%. So expense- wise, the company isn't spending much more money to generate all this greatness. This is literally a unicorn, folks. I said it earlier, I'm going to say it again. A unicorn. Why is it unicorn? Because they can give you growth and profitability at a high level. They have a rule of 40 score of 83. A great rule of 40 score would be 40. A terrific would be 50 with the exception of Nvidia that I think has one above 100. I think Palanteer has the second best rule of 40 and the stock market right now after Nvidia. And the one thing that's common to both Nvidia and Palanteer is they both monopolizing their own market. It's just in the case of Nvidia, people have figured it out. In the case of Palanteer, there's still a lot of skeptics and a lot of people who focus on the P ratio and the price action, not on what's going on with the business. Peter Lynch has always said that it's never ever too late to invest in a great business. Okay, remember that. Now, let's move on to this on my own platform which I've built for you guys. So, in fact, it is your platform called Stock MVP. Stock-MPP.com. You can sign up, get a oneweek free trial. On Stock MVP, we have something that's called the 10prong test, and we get a score for every single company in existence. And the perfect score would be a 100. If you can score perfectly at each of these 10 tests, well, you're going to score a 100, right? Piloter has a score of 90, which is, I think, the second or third highest score we have ever seen on this stock MVP scorecard. That is insane. They actually score perfectly in revenue growth, in net margin, in cash, in assets, and short interest, in institutional holding, and scalability in every single metric you can see. I'm going to put it on the screen just to show you what it looks like on stock MVP. This is the actual result. The only place when Palenter loses 10 points and gets from 100 to 90 is the high PE ratio, which is a lot higher than 50, which is the cutoff date for us to give them a 10. So above 50p means zero. So what we know from the scorecard on stock MVP is that Palunteer is probably one of the best companies in the stock market, but it is not cheap. I'm not going to pretend here that now getting it at this price is hella cheap. It's not cheap. It's trading at a massive premium. And this scorecard shows that nothing is perfect. You can always buy cheap garbage. This is paying premium for something that's truly great. Now let's move on here. So basically what you're getting with Palunteer and this is very evident in these latest earnings. What you're getting with Palunteer is a combo that's very rare to find in the stock market. You're getting something that has a strong moat. Basically there's almost virtually no competition to what Palanteer does. We'll talk about what they exactly do in a second. You have durable government contracts which means they're not easily cancelable. Those going to run for the next 1015 years. You have accelerating commercial sales which is out of this world especially in the US side non-existent in Europe which is a problem we'll talk about in a second. The balance sheet is one of the cleanest. The macro sensitivity is non-existent. Palunteer has basically shown in this quarter that it doesn't care. It's agnostic to what's going on with the macro environment. And on top of it we have sticky customers 124% net dollar retention which is one of the best there is. And we have a top tier team led by Alex Karp who's a top three CEO in the world. I mean it couldn't get any better than that. Now there are issues. Nothing in life is perfect. Everything has a flip side. And Palanteer also has risks and problems that we actually have to address. We can't just ignore them. Right? So let's be honest. Let's be fair. And let's cover the issues that Palanteer still has to conquer. Well, number one, it's a thing we covered a lot is the client concentration problem. The top 20 clients of Palunteer generate about $60 million per year each. Multiply by 20, you see that there's a huge chunk of the top 20 clients sitting on the Palunteer revenue. But the latest filing actually shows us that the top three clients of Palunteer are actually responsible for 18% of the revenue. So 15th of the Palunteer revenues are coming from three clients. That is one of the worst client concentration risks I've ever seen. And yet, I'm not too concerned because these are durable, sticky contracts with legacy clients who are not going anywhere. But nevertheless, this is a risk you have to address. Number two, no international growth at all. Europe has been basically abandoned by Palanteer. Whether it's because the Europeans are not ready or whether it is because Palanteer is focusing on the US. At the end of the day there's no geographic expansion which means that Palanteer is highly dependent on the US geography. That's geographic concentration again contention issues. We have stockbased compensation still way you know it's 17.6% it's still one of the highest in existence but it's still reasonable because Palanteer is building a new salesforce there's options you want to you know you want to hire top tier talent you have to give them stockbased compensation. I mean, Palunteer can hire shitty employees and not pay in that, but if you want to hire top tier talent, this is the cost. And there is no single Palunteer shareholder who sees any issues with that. The only people who complain about stockbased comp is the people who don't invest in Palunteer, ironically. Now, the valuation is lofty. I'm not going to lie here. The valuation is insane. Palanteers is right now trading at a massive premium. And we have a huge keyman risk. Essentially, if Alex Karp leaves, I really don't know what's left of Palanteer. Alex Karp is Palanteer. Palanteer is Alex Karp. So, we have a huge keyman risk with Palanteer, much like with Tesla, by the way, and Elon Musk. Now, this is the story of Palunteer over the past few years. When we started covering this stock back in 2122, this was a story, a potential, a hope, a maybe, right? And we were here. Right now the stock has gone a thousand% up over the past few years and now Palunteer based on the numbers we've just seen have transformed itself from a story and I hope to high growth compounder. The next phase of Palanteer, which to me the latest earnings make very evident, is the growth, the leap to this stage, a trillion dollar market cap behemoth, the Microsoft level company that Palanteer is, it's just a question of time until we get to this point. Most people did not recognize Palanteer's greatness here. Most people do not recognize that this is not the end of the story for Palanteer. It's just a middle ground until we get to the final piece right here. Now, I want you guys to pay attention right now because somehow I'm still, you know, dumbfounded, but people still do ask me, "What does Palunteer do?" We are still confused about the Palunteer business model. What do these guys do? Tom, explain to us. Okay, so let's do it real quick right now. There's so much information out there. You can watch AIP Cons. You can watch Palunteer videos on their channel. I actually have a video with test cases from Skywise and different suppliers. There's a lot of information out there about the product. People are just too lazy to read it. But let me just recap it in one slide. So, Palanteer builds this. This is the holy grail. It's called AIP. This is Palunteer's enterprise operating system for large language models. What Palanteer now does is that it takes any large language model you as an organization want to work with. it actually implements it inside their own foundry which is where they take your data as an organization and put it all in one place and analyze it and they use AI to analyze it so the organization can make better decisions improve their process and prevent problems ahead of time things like preventative maintenance of airlines like reducing the amount of downtime of machines in a factory things like reducing waiting time for patients etc etc the beautiful thing about it is that it is absolutely industry agnostic. It can be deployed in any industry in any company and it's going to make money both from recurring revenue on a subscription basis and based on usage. So Pilot has a double dip. They have a subscription and a usage fee which means they're making a lot of money. This is the perfect business model. Now I want you to pay attention to this thing right here. Right? The operational metrics of Palunteer are absolutely insane. And this is something that gets ignored by a lot of so-called smart investors, right? We have right now customer count going to 769. That's a 40% increase. We have the average new deal of $8 million. That's the value. We used to be at 5 million. It's a 40% increase. So the average new deal is increasing by 40%. The customer count just grew by 40%. and we're serving every single industry you can think of starting from energy, health, defense, shipping, airlines, auto, you name it, Palanteer is serving it. Now, the the big lie about Palunteer, and this is sort of thing that drives me insane, is that mainstream media is telling you a story about how this lofty valuation is unjustifiable. How can you buy this company at this valuation, etc., etc., while the big boys have been buying it like crazy over the past few years. You just needed to pay attention. Again, you can actually do this on stock MVP stock-mpp.com my platform. We have a page dedicated to institutional activity, buys and sales of institutional shareholders of companies like Palunteer. And if you had stock MVP, you could have seen over the past three years that institutional shareholdings were buying every single quarter. We have a dashboard that would have showed you that. We started with 628 million shares of institutional shareholding of Palunteer in 2022. That was 30% of the float. Right now we're at 53% of the float with 1.3 sorry 1.13 billion. So 1.13 billion shares of Palunteer being held by institutional shareholders. So right now while you were being told to stay away from Palunteer because it's expensive the Vanguards and the the big boys and all the institutional shareholders they basically went up from 30 to 53%. They've now become the majority shareholders of Palunteer. It shows you that narrative is one thing but action speaks louder than words folks. Now basically the same thing happens with the short interest. Everybody's talking the talk. Pilot is expensive. The valuation is unjustifiable. Sure, buddy. Show me the short interest. Show me the Carfox, right? So, three years ago, the average, you know, give or take short interest on a company was 7%. Basically, 7% of investors were shorting the stock, betting against it. Right now, if you actually again go to stock MVP, we'll show you your current short rate on Palunteer is 2.3%. Where is all the brave people who are talking about the valuation being lofty? Why if the valuation is so high, it is so insanely unjustifiable? Why is no mother lover shorting this stock? Why is 98% of people are long on this stock at this price? Ask yourself this question. Narrative versus reality. Talk is cheap. Action speaks louder than words. Look at the data, not at the smoke screen. Now this is the part where we got to get shifty right. Okay. So pilenteer has a lot of price target from a lot of analysts. Now we have actually implemented our own model on stock MVP called the SCF the SEF and in the SE we have three different pricing targets for the next five years. This is my based on my parameters price targets for Palanteer five years from now. bare case, medium case, and bull case. Again, I'm going to show it on the screen how it usually looks like. You actually input your own data, your own assumptions, and you're going to get your model based on my model, which is just my opinion, might be inaccurate, might be completely wrong, right? My model says that Palunteer bare case for the next 5 years is $197. That's a 82% upside for five years. The medium case is 354. That's a 225% for the next five years. And the bookcase is actually 510 per share. That's 370% in five years. And I actually think that I was very gentle and conservative with these assumptions. I think Panin can get a lot higher over the next 5 years. But that's going to be a story for another video we're probably going to do in a few years from now talking about how everybody missed it. Again, now the short-term warning I do want to issue here because not everything is green pastures ahead. North. Everything is blue sky ahead. The stock market is shaky. The macro is shaky. A lot of turmoil right now. A lot of uncertainty. And Palanteer also is coming off of a 400% profit over the past 12 months. So short term there is risk with Palunteer. Palunteer is a very sensitive stock, a beta of three, which means if the stock market sneezes, Palanteer is going to be one of the companies who gets wet the most. It also is up a lot over the past few years. It's trading at a huge premium and the market is uncertain. There is a good chance that in the short term Piloter is going to correct down. I mean, who knows? I said the same thing when Palanteer was at $115 in February and I said Palantine can drop 50% in a few weeks and people thought I was crazy. Then it dropped from 115 to 75 in a month and people understood what I'm talking about. Palunteer can be half of what it is today in a month. It can be like that. And since the market is uncertain, since the stock is up a lot, and since it is very sensitive, there is a good chance that there's going to be a short-term pullback. But that is not necessarily a bad thing. That is actually an opportunity for you if it happens to dollar cost average and reduce your cost base. We'll talk about that in a second. Now a lot of people will ask yourself this question and I want you to ask yourself this question and it's like why not sell now if you think there's so much risk ahead and we can jump in back later. Well the problem is that that system doesn't work. It works in theory but you can't time the market. People have tried time and time again. It is impossible to time the market. You're always going to get burned. It's like gambling. some point you're going to lose the flop. Now, you're also going to be missing the top 10 days in the market. And I've showed you in previous videos why if you're not in the market, missing top 10 days in 20 years can slash your returns by half. Why would you take that extra risk? And also, if you actually don't sell out completely and don't try to jump back in, you have zero stress in your life. You just relax and calm as a cucumber. And on top of it, I actually want to say something. If you are sitting on a huge pile of unrealized Palunteer profits over the past few years, you've made 100% 200% 300% 400% Palanteer, maybe more in Palunteer. We have members in the academy who have made 800, 900% Palanteer over the past few years. If you're sitting on big profits in Palunteer unrealized profits, trim 10%, 20%, 30%, trim a little bit. Take that money, get yourself an insurance policy, and now use that money as bank and dry powder to dollar cost average slowly over the next five years back into Palunteer. And if it drops like crazy, you've bought yourself some insurance. It's not going to hurt. But if it flies off the handle, you're still in 80 90 70% whatever it is you trim. This is the perfect situation right now to take a little bit off the table and use that to DCA over the long haul, ensuring yourself that if there is a correction, you're not going to have as much anxiety and stress as most people who have been, you know, absolutely oblivious to this and been complacent. Don't be complacent. Be an adult. Be a responsible adult. You have a fiduciary duty to the future you to not be an idiot. Okay? This is not a cult. There's nothing wrong with trim a little bit just to get some insurance. You still can stay a lot bullish, a lot more bullish than the average person on in Palentia and still be responsible. Right now, what most people will do if they try and time the market and leave right now before things get bad. Well, maybe, I'm not saying for sure, maybe what happens is that they time it wrong and the market decides for the next six months to fly off the handle. Sometimes that happens, right? And if you've done it and you sold here by accident, let's say that right now we're here. I don't know if that's the case or not, but I'm saying if that's the case, at this point you're going to be saying, "Well, this is too expensive. I don't want to buy it. This is too expensive. I'm just going to wait for a pullback." At this point, you're saying, "Well, this is already four times higher than what I had before. I'm not buying this." And at this point, you're saying, "Well, missed the boat in Palanteer. It's gone." This is what happened to Palanteer in 2022. Nobody wanted it at 15, then not at 25, not at 35. Nobody's buying at 50. I mean, nobody's buying it at 70, etc., etc. If you're going to try and time the market, it might run away from you at some point. you're going to say, "Well, it's I'm not paying six times of what I had just, you know, a few months ago." And you're going to lose the potential. Just stay in N and they see over time. Don't try and time the market. It's a useless useless game. And again, I don't know what happens from this point on. If we're here, we might go up, we might go down. I don't know what's going to happen. The point is not to predict, is to have a plan, to prepare. Okay? We'll talk about that in a second as well. So, strategy wise, I promised you some strategy. Let's do a strategy right now. What you guys are doing right now is number one, you have to make a budget. Make a monthly budget of how much cash you have at the end of the month. Now, whether you want to spend that cash on having a good time or investing, that's your decision. But from a budget, you have to derive a DCA amount, a dollar cost average amount you're going to invest every single month. It can be $100 or it can be $100,000. It doesn't matter how much money you make every month. As long as you have something left at the end of the month, that is workable. A 100, 100,000, or a million, doesn't matter. The system is the same. From that point on, you make good due diligence. You learn about the companies you want to invest. You actually obsess about it, and you decide which companies you want to own. You decide your allocation percentage, how much you want to allocate for each stock based on your risk profile, your age, all the things with each academy, how to allocate. And then you deploy 50% of the amount that you have found to be your DCA amount. If your DCA amount is 100, you're deploying $50 and you're waiting for the stock to drop. That point, you go double down. You play the long-term game. You're running the marathon. Now, again, I said it before, trim, trim, trim, trim. 10%, 20%, 30%, trim. If you are up big, if if you're not up big on Palunteer, there's no point in trimming. I'm talking to the people who invested with me back in 22 and are sitting on hundreds of percent of Unreal's game. And at the end of the day, you have to review constantly the thesis of the stock. Trust but verify. You constantly have to review the quality of the work, the quality of the business, the quality of the management because this is not a religion. If pilot goes off the handle, the stock loses its shine, you have to get out. It's not a Catholic marriage. You have to constantly verify that the thesis still holds. Now, if you actually want to get stock MVP and have a tool to help you to do all these things from home, stock-mpp.com. There's a week to try it out for free. See if it's for you. I think you will absolutely love this. We just hit 3,000 members and we're moving to a brand new platform called Stock MVP 2.0. The prices will double. If you get in now, you're going to lock in the current 50% price for lifetime of use. So, now is a good time to join Stock MVP. And if you want to get better at investing, you're welcome to join the academy payton.comdomnash. Would love to see you there. As always, see you in the next one.