============================================================
Video: tUPxWwWLodM
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Oracle is The Next Big AI Stock (That Nobody is Talking About)
Date: 2025-07-08
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2916
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:21.185531
============================================================

If somebody would have came up to me and said, "Look, Tom, this is a company that's already at $600 billion valuation. They've 3xed since 2021. They've been around for 50 years, and yet they're on the brink of another 5x from here by 2030. And they're going to do that with AI." I would have been very, very skeptical, as you should. I agree. But in this video, if you allow me, I'll show you how this whole thing, can be done, can be achieved, and how this setup is going to make a lot of people rich with very little downside, with very little risk. Now, as always, don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing, just listen. Now, a couple years ago, what I've done is I posted these two videos, and they were about 6 months apart. In the first video, I said that Oracle is insanely undervalued. This video came out in January of 2021, and I followed it up with another video just 6 months later in July of 2021, saying, "Hey, Oracle, well worth the $86 price tag." I said, "Look, folks, at $80, this stock is a steal." Now, already at that point, Oracle was an established dinosaur. People were hating on it and my comment section back in 2021 were filled with experts and professors and former employees and whatever. Just a couple of examples of comments that were essentially spamming my videos. Love your vids. I'm a lead architect for SAS company and I've done a lot of work. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Do not have the same optimistic outlook for Oracle as you. I would be careful with this. Okay, another example of an expert. Love your channel. Usually mostly on board with your analysis, but not sure here. It's the dinosaur part, but can't see how they will suddenly become a player in any significance in the new world by just trying. And if you go to that video, you'll see that the comment section was bombarded with these cynics, with these haters, with these people who are just finding what's wrong with the thesis. And there's nothing wrong with punching hole in the thesis. But there's never been a cynic or a doubter or people who just insisted on being on the sidelines and always seeing the negative. Those people don't make money. The people who make outsiz returns, the people who have made outsiz returns over the past five years, like a palunteer, like an Nvidia, people who dare to look beyond the normal, the usual and think a little bit outside the box. Now, Oracle was a dinosaur, an old school dinosaur in 2021. Now, well, it seems like it's even bigger dinosaur, right? Uh wrong. Oracle is about to do the same thing it has done to people in 2021. So when I made my videos, my little videos in 2021, the stock was around $80. If you were an Oracle investor over the past few years since 2021, you have had a respectable 3x on your return, right? Probably one of the best investments you could have made. If you judge it against Palunteer, sure, it's not as great, but what can survive Palanteer, right? But this investment unlike Palanteer had very little risk because Oracle is such an established company maybe you're not going to make 1300% but you know people have triple their money in just four years with a mega cap stock right just goes to show you that opinions are like buttholes everybody's got one right but at the end of the day the only thing that makes money is this combo fundamentals time and potential. If a company can tap in its potential, if you give it time and if the fundamentals are good enough, those companies make money. No matter if they're called Oracle, Palanteer or SoFi, the names don't matter. If these three elements exist, companies make money and they make their investors very, very rich. Now, in this whole process, I've distilled every great investment ever made into three simple things. and Oracle will be tested against these three categories as well in 2025. It needs to have great numbers. It needs to have a great story. The combo is super important. And there's a bonus factor that some companies have that basically put this on crack. Okay? If they got one, two, and three, kaboom. Okay? With Oracle, I'm going to go through this journey with you over the next few minutes, and we're going to judge it objectively together. I'll show you some good things, some bad things, and then we'll come to a conclusion and you'll see my point of view. But that's just going to be a starting point for you guys to start thinking about this yourself because I'm not here to tell you what to buy and what to sell. So, let's start with the fundamentals. Step one, right? How good are the fundamentals today? Not talking about potential, not talking about the story, talking purely about the current status of the company. Popping the hood, right? So, if you pop the hood, you've got insane numbers. So revenue growth of the past three years is 33%. Solid, right? Operating expenses down 3.7%. And at the same time, you've got net income increasing by 61%. So if you pan to this section right here, solid numbers, 33% revenue growth over 3 years, 61% net income growth over the past 3 years, and all of that while expenses came down by 4%. Another really, really good example of a sort of company that I love to look at, companies that generate more revenue by spending less money. Not every day you see a company like that. Okay, moving on. Next up, what we're going to do, we're going to take a look at another fundamental. So, if you look at the margins, they've got 70% gross margin. They've got 31% operating margin, which is phenomenal. They've got a forward PE of 25, a little bit under 25, which is really, really not that expensive. The only issue with the fundamentals here is that they're leveraged, right? Lots and lots of debt, a lot more debt than cash. That's not a great thing. So, not ideal. Is this a thesis breaking fundamental? Not really. If it's just the debt and everything else is phenomenal, we can live with that. especially for a company with heavy capex and heavy uh financial needs to operate like an Oracle. Okay, it's not something that I would deal break over but it's definitely not ideal but good enough for now. Let's move on to the next stage. The next stage is running the company through my scorecard. Now in my scorecard obviously they lose 10 points because they have too much debt and they lose five points because the revenue growth is not that high. So scoring based on my scorecard, I scored at 110 out of 125. It's still in the category of a great fundamental play right now. As it stands today, we haven't said a word about the potential about the story. As it stands right now, the company fundamentals are 110 out of 125 really, really good. But now we actually have to go to the more interesting part of the story because this doesn't matter if this story doesn't add up. So let's move on to the story and to the bonus factor. Okay. So the bonus factor is called gap. I'll talk to you in a second what this gap means. It's not what you think. Get your head out of the gutter. Right. So we obviously have great fundamentals here. Okay. But is there something more to justify investing in this company? Is there an added bonus here? Is there a story here? Is there a potential here? Right? So this potential is actually called cloud infrastructure. Right? While everybody's looking at AWS, Google Cloud Services, Azour, all great players, but Oracle just showed a 50% growth in their cloud business. and they're guiding for a 70% growth for the next year for 2026. So this is actually an insane number considering the fact that Oracle's regular revenue growth is about 11%. So their cloud business is growing five times and expected to grow seven times higher than the rest of their business. We've got a very very strong story here developing and I'll dive into it in a second, right? But if this story checks out, we'll do the examination in a second and we'll go deep dive into this cloud story. But if this cloud story checks out, then the nominal revenue growth they've got right now, which is 11%. Is a lot lower than the potential that they can present if these numbers pan out. If they've got 70% revenue growth and so forth and so forth and so forth, if the cloud business actually pans out the way they think it is, the 11% they've got right now of revenue growth nominally, which is where the pricing of the company comes from today is not relevant. And then we have an misunderstood company and a valuation gap. That is the bonus. So great fundamentals, great story and a gap. So we know they have great fundamentals. We check that box. We know we have a gap here because the company is priced based on 11% revenue growth, not 70 or 50. So the big question here remains given the fact that we have great fundamentals and the gap at items one and three. Do we have item two? How good is this cloud story? Is Oracle really positioned to be part of the cloud services group? This business is dominated by Amazon, by Microsoft, by Google. Can Oracle play with the big boys? Sure, they're growing right now, but they're only holding about 2% of the market. I mean, it's not huge numbers. Can they break through this market? Because the answer to this question is the entire investing thesis for Oracle because if the answer is no, it's not a 5x company from here. No doubt. So, let's look at this story and let's be critical and analytical. Okay. So I think that the biggest misunderstanding about Oracle today is that a lot of people look at it as a database provider. It's the same mistake that people have done in my 2021 video. When I talked about in 2021, people say, "Well, this database provider, this dinosaur, blah blah blah blah blah blah." But it certainly is priced right now as a database provider. The current 600 billion is basically the valuation that shows they're the world's best database provider. They have all the greatest best clients, etc., etc. But what's not priced in today is this whole thing, right? So, what they have right now is a vertically integrated cloud business that is absolutely not priced in. They've just inked a deal with Tik Tok for this exact segment, which is basically completely ignored by the market. and they're setting this stuff up to be a real competitor from a different angle of AWS, GCS, and Azour. Oracle's existing clients include some of the biggest companies in the world. JP Morgan, Toyota, Coca-Cola, you name it. I could do the list all day. The world's largest companies are Oracle clients. Now, usually the typical Oracle client is not an early adopter of cloud services, right? These are not the tech companies of the world, right? They have a legacy system that's hard to move. It's hard to scale. The security aspects, the regulation, the business continuity. It's really hard for these companies to move to the cloud because of the legacy system, because they're in Oracle, they're in database. It's a it's a headache that nobody wants to tackle. So now Oracle is coming to these guys saying, "Look folks, we're investing tens of billions of dollars into providing our own cloud infrastructure. So whatever problems you have with potentially moving to a AWS or GCS or Azour, no problemmo. You can stay on our database with your legacy system and you can get on our cloud and eliminate all of these issues and become a cloud customer of Oracle without regulatory concerns, without moving, without legacy system. Basically, all of their existing clients, which are massive, are essentially going to be phased in into the cloud services business because it's a lot easier for them and cheaper for them than going for the other cloud providers. That is why they showed a 60% growth over the past year in cloud services. And that's why they guiding for 70% growth for 2026. Oh, sorry. I think they showed 50% and they're guiding for 70, but the median is 60. I I just screwed up that presentation. But that's okay. You get the point. So, this is not just about existing clients, though, because if you think about it, sure, existing clients are important. We get it, right? But the total pie, the total adjustable market is also growing. We're talking about the $2 trillion market by 2030. So, 100% growth expected in the pie, in the general overall pie. And we've got the crazy flywheel effect right now. More AI means more data centers. More data centers means there's more possibilities to produce AI. More data centers needed. This kind of endless feedback loop, they're just continuously pumping more demand. And right now, sure, they only own 2% of that market, but with the total growth of the total addressable market and their own penetration and their own client on boarding and the Nvidia partnership, which Larry Ellison inked just in time before everybody else realized, oh my god, we need H100s. We need H200s. Nobody has them. Larry Ellison secured the Infidia partnership years ago when nobody figured out what's going on. That's why he's a great manager. And now they've also have AI integration. They're basically building their cloud services on Nvidia infrastructure which is what everybody wants and they have no problem with getting and supplying, right? So if you invest in the cloud right now $25 billion, which is what they intend to invest in 2026, you're going to generate a lot of sales. You're increasing your capacity. In fact, as a percentage of sales right now, Oracle is only second to Microsoft in how much they're spending to increase infrastructure. So all this capex spend is going to lead to more market share, to more revenue growth, and this whole ecosystem of cloud and AI and existing clients and NVIDIA partnership. This whole thing is priming Oracle to be a whole new beast that nobody really understands in full right now. We're talking about this, which is a 2% piece of a little pie in 2025. versus this which is a much bigger piece of a much bigger pie in 2030. Bigger piece, bigger pie. That's the whole thesis and that's certainly not priced in right now. And the advantage is very very simple. We got world's biggest companies as clients right now for Oracle. We have one of the most trusted brands with 20 years of experience in databases, 50 years of operation. We have an easy transition. I just explained existing clients seamless. They're catching this second wave after the early adopters got on the cloud and that second wave is going to be massive. It's not about the tech companies, right? It's about the second wave. Now, Larry Ellison is a worldclass leader. Nvidia partnership is absolutely insane for the ecosystem. They have a massive capex spend which is going to be very critical in creating more bandwidth. They don't have as much regulatory concerns and risks like others because of their decades of safeguarding information of these massive companies and none of this is priced in. This is the gap I was talking to you about. The gap is critical. So the downside here also is kind of limited because if you think about it, right, if they succeed, that's a $600 billion of valuation right now that has to be updated upwards. If they fail, well, nothing happens. They still have the legacy business. So, the downside here is not a startup where it's either a huge success or zero. It's either a huge success or it stays 600 or very close to that. People have been skeptical when I said 500 about Palunteer. They've been skeptical about Nvidia years ago. They've been skeptical about Oracle. But if you invest in the picks and shovel businesses of AI, you're going to make money. 2021, 2025 does not matter. Now folks, if you're actually interested in learning how to get this 20 years of experience, one of my academy members from about two months ago, 1300%. This guy have made 550% on Palunteer, not guaranteeing you're going to make the same returns, not at all. Obviously, it's up to you. But if you learn the principles, if you apply yourself and you get better at investing, not gambling, not trading, and you want to get better at this and learn for yourself and give yourself a chance to do better instead of what usually people do in the market, which is lose money, join the academy, patreon.com/tomash. I'll see you next one. is.