============================================================
Video: AQufA_IuUek
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Revealing My 15 Buy & Hold Forever Stocks!
Date: 2025-12-18
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2416
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:35:36.927536
============================================================

Right now, as you're watching this video, the winners of the next 10 years in the stock market are being determined. Not next year, not next week, not tomorrow, right now. And if you don't understand this process right now, you will be left behind. And that's going to happen a lot quicker than people think. Now, the next decade is going to be dominated by AI, artificial intelligence. That's pretty obvious. So, whoever dominates the next 10 years of AI is going to dominate the stock market for the next decade. The math is quite simple. The dominance in AI isn't going to happen because of hype or which LLM model makes better images. It's going to happen under the surface in the layer that most social media post, YouTube videos, even mainstream media either don't understand or don't want to talk about. This is not cool. It's not exciting. And it's mostly ignored. Even though this is where the treasure is buried. Now, I'm here to do what I've done most of my life, which is analyze companies, break it down, find the best ones. I'll share with you absolutely for free the top categories of AI for the next decade. And also, as a consequence, I'll also share with you the top 15 companies to buy and hold for the next 10 years as far as AI goes. Now, I'm not here to hold anybody hostage, and I'm not here to force you to stay on this video, which means you're getting the list right now. The list of stocks you want is free. All you got to do is go to want is free. All you got to do is go to want is free. All you got to do is go to the description, click that link, get the list. You'll have a list of the 15 stocks as well as a quick explainer why each stock is on that list. Now, before you run off with that list, and I have zero problems if you do, by the way, no problem. Before you do, just a little caution, right? You're hunting for a treasure. I just gave you a car. It's gas up. I gave you the keys, but you ain't got no map. This video is the map. Without this video, the list is nice. I'm going to say it's not. But with this video, the list is supercharged. So, spend the next few minutes with me here in this video, and I'll show you exactly everything you need to know to understand which companies will dominate the next decade. And on top of it, at the end of the video, I'll reveal the top three stocks from that list for me, which are the top three. By the way, that's not provided in that list. You're going to have to wait till the end of the video to find it out. Yes, I'm dangling a carrot in front of you to make you to watch the entire video, but that is done for your own good. Sorry for the paternalism, but it is what it is. So, let's jump into it. Now, if you want to truly understand AI growth for the next decade, you have to stop thinking in terms of applications and you need to start thinking in terms of systems. Whoever is going to build the best systems is going to dominate AI for the next decade. Now, by the end of this video, you're going to understand exactly who's that going to be. And again, not next year, not tomorrow, today. You're going to understand that. And the cool part about this is you only have to understand it once. Once you do, the AI investing world will never be the same. So let's talk about it and let's talk about the categories that will be indispensable for the AI revolution for the next decade. Number one, and we're going to start at the ground level. It's going to be the compute architecture, the language that is being used to build semiconductor chips. Essentially, this is the compound effect network effects of AI at its finest. If you own the standard, if you own the language, if everybody needs your recipe to build AI, chef's kiss, you're going to be making money for the next 10 years. And I believe this category is definitely indispensable for AI. But as much as it is indispensable, there is the second stage, which is the manufacturing. And I'm not here to talk about TSMC. I'm going to shock you. TSMC is not on my list. I'm here to talk about a company that builds the machines that build semiconductors. Because at the end of the day, one thing happened over the past few decades, which is most big companies that so-called build, they don't build their own chips. They use TSMC to build their own chips. And in CO, we saw how problematic that is. Now with China, Taiwan, we're seeing how problematic that is. By the way, that's part of the reason TSMC is not on my list. The geopolitical risks are just insane. So there is a process over the next 10 years to redomemesticate manufacturing and to start producing chips on US soil which means more manufacturing facilities will be built over the next 10 years than we've ever seen. That means that the company that builds the machines that builds the factories will be indispensable for AI for the next decade. And that company pretty much will monopolize this whole industry. Next up we have AI compute. Now look at it this way, right? We need to train AI and the more AI becomes more and more and more sophisticated, the more we need more and more scalable compute. Whoever can produce that is going to win. But producing that is not just about the chips. It's about the system. Whoever can provide AI compute as a complete package which means the chips but also the software and also the support and the entire ecosystem is going to be the foundational layer of AI. Next up we got data centers. And when I say data centers I mean the physical buildings. Something that doesn't get discussed enough. Think about it this way. The physical buildings themselves have a major issue. We're now packing more and more computers into these buildings than ever before because we need more power. But the problem is that physical constraints don't go away when code get better. They don't go away when AI gets smarter. So these buildings need more and more cooling, which means that traditional cooling solutions don't work, which means we need a solution that's going to cool these data centers as they grow and grow and grow. So, whoever can provide a cooling solution that's going to solve this problem is going to dominate. It's going to become the gold standard. And on that note, we have to talk about power. Right now, as it stands in 2025, we're having great issues with existing data centers. Not to mention what's going to happen over the next 10 years. Which means that whoever is going to be able to provide stable, scalable, ample power more than we got today is going to be the key player in AI for the next 10 years from the energy side without doing any AI at all. And finally, we have to talk about connectivity. Again, an issue that doesn't get enough coverage. When we talk about AI, we talk about the infrastructure. We talk about the semiconductors, the GPUs. But look, AI has to communicate. Devices talk with each other. Mobile phones, with servers, with other stuff. It's endless communication. It has to happen instantaneously. Latency is death. So, whoever builds the best networking chips is going to dominate the next year. Whoever gets chosen by the cloud providers to do it today is going to be locked into these contracts for the next decade as it is. So, make sure you also think about the system from that side. Next up, we got cloud infrastructure. We've got all these companies essentially growing vegetables and fruit, but guess what? Cloud owns the land. All these farmers need farmland. The farmland is cloud infrastructure. So we've got a lot of players here dominating the space being the landlords of the AI revolution, right? This is the environment where AI exists. You need stability, you need security, you need compliance and governance. Without cloud infrastructure, none of this AI story happens. So whoever is going to dominate cloud for the next 10 years is almost guaranteed to be a dominant force in the stock market. From the hardware, we also have to talk about the operating system of AI. Like if you have a great computer, you don't have an operating system. It's pretty much a hunk of junk. It's a meaningless piece of metal. You have to have an operating system to run these AI models, AI agents on your business, on your computers, on your systems. Right now we have all these models putting out great outputs. But at the end of the day at the corporate level, at the organizational level, these outputs are meaningless. Somebody has to break it apart, understand it, and turn this into decisions. If somebody can come up with a software that does that, that builds AI agents that take these outputs and turn them into real time decisions that are compliant, that have full governance, that are scalable, that are cheap. We're talking about the perfect picks and shovels play in history. Whoever dominates AI is going to have to use the operating system. The perfect pics and shovel sellers are right here. On top of this, you have the cyber security. Now, AI opens so many exposures in the cyber security world, both on the offensive side and the defensive side. So many new loopholes and vulnerabilities and ways to attack. The human response to these cyber security threats with AI are simply not enough. You need increased AI cyber security which means that whoever is able to dominate the endpoint security right now is going to be the dominant force in cyber security for the next 10 years. And of course at this point we have to talk about the consumption level of things. Let's talk about autonomous systems and human robotics. Now at the end of the day what AI is bound to be on the consumer level on the B2C level right is machines that use this AI to see to sense to communicate and to decide and act whether it happens in a factory whether it happens on the road and whether it happens at home at some point right the biggest economic shift of our lifetime is going to come from human robotics think about the cost savings think about the reliability Think about the scale. Think about the demographic problems that having human robots at scale can do. We're talking about a massive multi- trillion dollar business that's going to dominate not just the next 10 years, probably the next two decades. And finally, we're going to have to go all the way to the consumer layer at its purest, which is consumerf facing services and interface. Whoever has the devices, whoever has the delivery is going to dominate distribution, which means money, which means dominance. This is the highway all these cars will want to drive on. Whoever owns this is going to be very much relevant for the next decade. Now, you just got a fullblown AI value chain run through. Every single one of these categories will be not just important, but indispensable for AI. And if you're indispensable for the greatest economic shift of our lifetime, you will make money because in history we have never had and technological investments stop because we didn't have the right infrastructure. It's only a question of money which means that all these infrastructure plays will make a lot of money over the next 10 maybe even 15 20 years which means they are the foundation for your top 15 stocks to buy and hold for the next 10 years. Now, in the list, you already have, if you haven't, in the description, get the link, get it for free, there are 15 stocks listed, and I promised to you in the beginning of this video that I will reveal the top three. It's not listed on the list. So, I want you to pay attention. Don't click nothing, don't nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. Number one for me is Palunteer. Palunteer is the operating system of AI. This is the software to the hardware. Without software, without the operating system, none of this has any value. On the same side, Nvidia is the hardware. Without Nvidia, we don't have the computer. So, you can have the best software, you don't have the computer, it's useless. So, Nvidia and Palanteer are number one. And number two, you can do one and two the way you want. It doesn't really matter. Number three, it has to be Tesla. And the reason this Tesla, even though it gets a lot of hate, even though Elon is controversial, even though there's a lot of questions about car deliveries, and all this nonsense, Tesla owns the lead in sensors, robotics, batteries, production, which means that Tesla will dominate the next industrial revolution that we will see in our own eyes develop for the next decade. And to not include it as a top three stock to me would be silly. But it doesn't mean the other 12 companies are not just as good. It just means my top three is Tesla, Nvidia, and Palanteer. In whatever order you want to do it, it's fine. Now, if you want to learn more about this, if you want to get better at investing long-term, I invite you to join the academy, the Rock Academy over at patreon patreon.com/domnash. We have over 26,000 members already, learning every day how to get better at investing long-term, doing it right without timing the market, without doing all this nonsense. Stable, smart, marathon mentality. If you're that kind of investor and you want to get better, I invite you to join. Check it out. I hope to see you in the next lecture.