============================================================
Video: AGKF0-8vD9s
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a PALANTIR shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-07-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4477
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:07.961328
============================================================

Palanteer investors, you better get ready. So, over the past year, Palunteer has done 49%. That is insane. And if you take a look at what I've been saying for the past few years and how my $500 price target thumbnails over the past 5 years, I've kind of gotten to meme status. I've actually told you about eight months ago in this thumbnail where I actually used the 700 price target saying, "Hey, it's not too late to buy Palanteer." That was eight months ago. Now, I'm here today again telling you it's not too late to buy Palanteer in 2025. But I want you to pay attention. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. Now, on our academy over at patton.com/domm Nash, we actually listed Pilenteer along with Nvidia and Tesla about 5 years ago, saying, "Hey, these stocks are the next best thing since sliced bread." And as you can see right here, we have been on this stock for a while. it ain't new. But right now, we have a whole different question because now the stock is climbing to 150, which is a far cry from the $7 that we were buying at in 2022. And the question is now with all the stuff we've been saying, these are old news. 2022, 2021, 2023, all these tweets, all the receipts I have to show that I've been telling you for the past 5 years, hey, this is it. All of this doesn't matter. In fact, if you take a look at this thing, all of this doesn't matter. Now, Alex Karp is on. Bill Mer is every freaking day on CNBC, on Yahoo, on every single media outlet. This man is a superstar. The company's all over the place. Everybody's talking about it. At least are loving. All of a sudden, retail investors. None of this matters. This is just noise. Who cares? None of this matters. In fact, this guy even talking about it. This doesn't matter. Oh my god, Kramer talked about Palunteer. Who cares? It's not good or bad. It's just noise. So now in 2025, because the stock has done 400% like I said it will. Now everybody's all of a sudden talking about it. It doesn't matter. None of this is matter. In fact, you have now the analysts, the brainiacs all over mainstream media telling you, well, you know, hold sell, hold sell, hold sell. Nobody's saying buy this stock because now it's expensive. Of course, the same people who told you not to buy this at $7 are now saying, well, don't buy this at 15. It's too expensive. And again, this is the kind of mindset that you find all over social media. All this Johnny come latelys who are not helping you to make money, who are just there to sit in the sideline and complain. That's not how you make money in the stock market. Now, the big question you need to ask yourself is like what changed? You know, the stock is up 400% in the past year. It is up 1,400% over the past 5 years. What actually changed on the business side of things? Not the stock price, not the Kramer tips, not the CNBC appearances by Alex Karp with all due respect. What has changed with the business? Because the stock is up a lot, right? What actually changed? Did the long-term thesis gotten so much better? And that's exactly what I want to give you in today's video. a completely unfiltered, non-cheer living session in which I'm going to explain to you exactly what changed and how I'm attacking the whole Palunteer story for the next 5 years, including at the end my new price target for Palanteer, which is going to shock a lot of people, but I don't care. Just the same way, I didn't care back in 2022. None of this matters. Other people opinions are like buttholes. Everybody's got one and some of them are actually smelly. But that's just a whole different thing I don't want to think about. But who cares about what people think? Now, if you take a look at Palanteer right here, what you'll find is that what happened with the stock is kind of interesting. When we started investing in the stock, the narrative was that this was the retail queen along with Tesla, right? We had about 30% institutional investors, about 70% retail investors. And right now if you go to stockp this is from stockp uh the whole setup of the institutional shareholding you can see clearly what been happening in fact what I've been saying is happening because this is not the first time I'm showing this in my community in my academy we've been looking at this pretty much every week we have seen how the institutional shareholding has been going up nonstop for the past four years as mainstream media was telling you hey palunteer is bad palent is expensive palunteer's evil eta All this narrative being driven down your throat by mainstream media at the same time using Stock MVP, we could actually see that the institutional investors were loading up on the stock like crazy. In fact, if you take a look at the number right now, what you'll find is that right now the institutional investors went from about 30% when we started buying to about almost 60% now. They have double their holding. So now this is a majority institutional shareholding stock. It's not even a retail queen anymore. And again, nobody's going to tell you that in the mainstream media because they want to keep driving the narrative. This is a bad stock. This is a meme stock. Well, this is a meme stock. Why institutional shareholders are buying up like crazy of the past few years? Well, you've been told not to touch it. Now, remember the people who told you not to buy the stock in 2022, in 2023, in 2024, and remember the people who told you eight months ago even, hey, it's not too late. Now, let's look at the fundamentals because I think that fundamentals actually is the most important thing here. We could talk all day about the hoopla and who deserve the flowers. I don't care. I'm here to try and make money. You're here to try and make money. We don't give a rat's ass about what happened the past five five years. You know the thing is what happens over the next 5 years? That's the important question, right? And the question is starting with fundamentals, we have to analyze this stock. So if you take a look at the stock over the past 3 years, revenues are up 90%. Which is phenomenal. At the same time, R&amp;D expenses are up 41%. Which is again phenomenal because it shows you how much more money the company's investing in generating more revenue. And at the same time, the operating expenses are only up 28%. So we have increased revenues by 90% over the past 3 years with only increasing expenses by 28%. Which means again, Palanteer is one of the more scalable companies you'll see in the stock market. Especially, you know, you can see that in the IBIDA numbers. In the Ebida numbers, the past 3 years up 200%. So, how the hell do you go from 90% of revenue increase to 200% of EBI increase? Well, that what happens when you're efficient, but that's just a part of the story. In fact, the story gets even in more interesting. So, over here we have free cash flow. And this is the point what I want to kind of emphasize, right? So, free cash flow is $1.3 billion. Over the past 3 years, it is up 500%. 500% in 3 years in how much money Palanteer puts in the bank at the end of each year. Boom. If your head is not exploding right now, you need to rethink your whole understanding of the stock market and business analysis. Right? At the end of the day, what we want to see here is a company with a lot of cash, $5.4 $4 billion, a company that has a net income increase of 200% over the past 3 years and a free cash flow increase of 500% over the past 3 years. The numbers are as phenomenal as they come. And again, people going to be talking about, oh my god, the 300 forward PE, that's the smarter people. 600 current, that's the less smart people and be chirping about the high PE numbers. And I get it. I totally get it. But look, for a lot of investors, that's going to be an automatic dealbreaker. I get it. I understand. It's not for everyone. Value investors are never going to be all about huntier, right? On paper, this is a huge alarm bell. This is a warning sign. And they're just going to say, "Look, I'm going to wait until the dip to buy that." But the same people who are saying that were sitting around in February this year when the stock went from 120 to 60 to 70, it didn't buy. The stock literally did a 50% drop this year in February and most of these folks who were saying I'll buy the dip were too chicken to actually buy it because they thought it's going to drop even further. That's the whole point to sit around trying to time the market is very very hard psychologically. Now it's exactly the same mistake that people were making with Amazon back in the day with all the big companies. The same thing with Nvidia in 2020. You know you have to understand that PE numbers they get updated four times a year. That's it. So between quarters when the stock price keeps going up the P number is going to get inflated until the update comes for the next 3 months the P number are going to be inflated just the way it is and eventually this lag becomes part of norm with high growth companies with high hype companies like Palanteer yeah that lag is normal but these companies will grow into the valuation eventually just like every other big company did if the earnings explode which Palunteer definitely showed that it's able to do then the P numbers become real normal it's the same playbook for Palanteers just like it was for every other big company in the market. You know, a high B is okay. And I want to explain that this Palanteer 2025 Palanteer, it's not the same Palanteer we saw four years ago. It's literally a different company, right? And I think the biggest mistake people make right now, like I said right here, isn't you know, oh my god, I should have bought it at 7, now I'm buying it late. The problem isn't buying it late. The problem is that you think right now that the whole story of Palanteer for the next 5 10 years is already priced in at this price point which I think is the biggest misunderstanding about the stock. None of this of what about to happen for the past for the next for the next 5 10 years. None of this priced in look at the commercial sector growth not the even the overall numbers are insane but the commercial sector growth right now are 70% year-over-year. 70% that's the big growth engine for Palanteer. I think when we look at the total addressable market for government AI, which is something that we haven't even talked about, we have a major artificial intelligence arm race between governments and the United States is spending the most out of them all. And Palanteer, guess what? They are the biggest supplier of that. So while people thought back in 2021, including myself, that the government business isn't going to be that huge, now we have a whole new arms race going on, which is going to basically turn government into probably just as big as the commercial sector. This is all basically going insane right now. Now, you have to look at the business, guys. Everybody's going to tell you to look at the P number because it's easy. It's easy to just look at the calculation and just make a decision, right? But look at this. We have a gross margin of 80% with this company. We have R&amp;D expenses that were baked in for the past 20 years. This company up until 2023 have never been profitable because they've baked in all the R&amp;D expenses to make this thing profitable for 15 years. Now they're already in the little investing part, in the money-making part. And look, at the end of the day, Palanteer right now, to me, it's mind-blowing how people can't see it. They kind of turned themselves like to what I'm selling in my academy, which is a digital product, right? The scalability is endless. I can basically allow a huge amount of scalability in my academy because of the, you know, it's a digital product, right? If you're selling hardware, your scalability is a little bit more limited. with the way Palanteer built their business right now what they have is a completely digital product they have almost endless scalability and the thing is when customers actually get on the platform right they have literally zero incremental cost of onboarding new customers it is insane like show me a company that has almost zero incremental cost of onboarding new customers at this point pan is basically just saying hey we'll take as much as you can give us and this is absolutely not priced in yet. And if you again if you look at the revenue numbers, right? So the revenue is up, the costs are pretty much flat, right? The multiples are insanely high. We have six quarters of the company beating itself, beating the expectations again and again and again. And I want to show you in 2020 the free cash flow was $150 million. Okay? Right now we're at 1.3 billion. Okay? It's almost 10x in 5 years. the free cash flow of a company which is the actual way to measure how much money is going into the bank is up almost 10x in five years and again people say well I'm just going to buy when it you know when it grows into its 40p and it will at some point be a 40 50 40p and it will at some point be a 40 50 40p and it will at some point be a 40 50 60p but the stock price is going to be 300 in two years when it happens why wait for that because of PE metric is not the only factor you should be looking at if that you should be looking at 4p and just as one of the factors and it's not even that important to me I mean I've been on record multiples time saying look not a huge fan of forward pees for growth companies for tech companies. By the time this thing becomes reality where it has 40 50p it's not going to be effective you're going to be missing out on a huge part of the growth and actually ran the whole company through our legacy scorecard on stock MVP. So our legacy scorecard in stock MVP basically has the highest score of 100. The highest score we've ever recorded on this was 95. And Palanteer just scored, believe it or not, 90 out of 100, which is the second highest score we have ever gotten here in Stock MVP. Absolutely insane. The only place where they lost points was the P ratio being above 30, which is why they're at 90 and not at 100. But basically, one of the best scores we have ever seen on stockp. You know, from a objective perspective, this company is basically as good as they come. The the numbers are just insane. Look, look at the look at my new scorecard, the 125 point scorecard, which I've been presenting for the past few weeks. If you go through these categories, they're all perfect. I'm not going to read through them, but it's 125 out of 125. It is perfection. Everything is perfect. Every little thing is perfect. The highest score we've ever recorded on the new scorecard, and it's not manipulated. You can go through and check all these, right? And again um what I what I think that um is important here is for you guys to understand one thing. I think that the whole story of the commercial sector of piloter I think that whole thing is still in its diapers. It's just getting started. AIP by the way artificial intelligence platform for those who don't know what that is. It is literally the only bridge between LLMs and actual operational data. There is nothing like Palanteer out there that this you know at this scale that does all of this at this excellence right at this point what happened is that AIP kind of became not just a tool they became literally the entire software infrastructure for running LLMs on a big business. If you talk about the picks and shovels, which is the place you want to invest in the gold rush, they are as picks and shovels as Nvidia, but Nvidia is in the hardware side. Palunteer in the software side, but basically the setup is the same. And I think everybody knows what's going on with Nvidia, right? I think that by this point, Palunteer has monopolized the whole freaking stack, right? You go through the list, but all the way from normalization all the way to data analytics through these whole cycle, they own the whole thing. So Palunteer at this point, it used to be a sticky business as hell. Now it's not just sticky. It's literally irreplaceable. And this is not just, you know, people are using this as a tool. Palunteer at this point is the entire system. It's like saying, well, I'm going to use a whole new alphabet for English. It's it's it's ridiculous. It's redulous. Now, I have my own five-year price targets palunteer, which I updated based on everything I just explained to you. I've kind of given you sorry given you um a little kind of highlight executive summary. I don't want to bore you for two hours here which I'll do in my academy session when I'm going to be breaking down Palanteer in a few weeks. But my new price target I'll give away right now. But the 500 price target that I have of Palanteer actually becomes my bare case at this point. 500 is the lowest the stock can be in 5 years. mid is 754 and my new price target, the bullish price target for Palanteer for the next five years is $1,000, which means a 568 gain from here. Of course, it's not guaranteed. It's not I'm saying it's 100% going to happen, but this and you can go in stock MVP and do your own, but this is where we see the stock. Okay, so before you guys go and mortgage your house to buy all of the Palanteer stock, you can buy a word of caution for all you FOMO mother lovers out there. Okay, stop. Breathe. Okay, let's slow down here for a second. Okay, I'm not telling you here to mortgage your house and just pile into Palunteer at 150. That's not what I'm saying. I'm not saying that. No, no, no. I'm not saying to ignore the risks of Palunteer. I'm not saying that. I'm saying step back, remember how we use this formula to make money in 2022. The thing that most people don't understand that in 2022, this is when we made the money. Not in 23, not in 24, not in 25. The money was made in 2022 when we were actually actively buying the dip. 23, four, five was just a manifestation of the formula we use in 2022. Now, that's the whole thing here. You have to understand that the whole narrative, oh, I missed it. I should have bought it at $7. Oh, no. I have to jump in at 150. No, you don't. No, you don't. You don't have to jump in at no price. No price. This is not how you do it. Okay? I'm actually going to give you a few words about that. Okay? There's only one way to do this, okay? Number one, don't take any margin. Number two, do not FOMO into the stock at 150 like crazy. Don't make any oversized bets thinking you can't lose. You have to do a slow DCA, dollar cost average accumulation over time. Set yourself an amount you can handle losing for a while. Set yourself a small amount and contribute that every single week, every single month, and keep doing that. Rinse and repeat like karate until the stock actually drops. And when the stock drops, you can double down because if you use our formula, our system, you actually have the money ready pre and you don't have to raise capital to do that. Our old BCA X2 system actually builds this whole thing in. So you actually have firepower for the dips. The money is going to be made with this stock, not on the hype cycle. It's going to be made on the dips. Okay? when it corrects again because at some point all stocks correct especially stocks that behave like this when the correction comes just like it did in February and people got at the 50% discount the discount is going to be ready for you so you have to be waiting for the discount to actually go DCA X2 and double down not when it's hyping not when it you know riding high like this right so in the next 6 to 12 months what can happen with the stock well look I want to keep this video brief so I'm just going to get to the point in every little thing I don't want to hold you hostage Right. So for the next 6 to 12 months, there's two events here. I think that unlike Tesla where you have a technological question whether they can actually solve FSD, whether they can solve robotics, etc., etc. With Palanteer's case, they have already shown that the technology is solved. It's working. It's operational. It's scaling. So there's no technological questions. They they own it. They're monopolizing. And it's just a question of time to, you know, actually take over and become the world's most important software company, which I think they already are. But I know the market gets that. So we either have a continued share price spike because the market understands this and this point all you have to do is just DCA and ride it all the way up but maybe we have a dip of 50% or more if market in general basically goes better bad macro recession geopolitics whatever the market does and we might have a dip and palunteer when it dips it dips hard it dips like 50%. Right? If that happens well that's the best scenario. Scenario number two is the best thing because this means you can double down and reduce your cost basis because in the short term this thing allows you to do that through the 50% drop. Now why not just sell and wait for this because I don't know when this thing is going to come. Who knows? There's no point in timing it. Remember how people waited for a dip from 2023 to 2025? Hey, guess what? They just missed on 1400%. You see what I'm saying? So you can't time these things. It's just not effective. DCA normally and just wait for the dip. happen when the dip comes. DCA double down. We teach all of this stuff in the academy. But the valuation, Tom. Oh my god. The valuation. Look, I know 3004 is insane. I get it. It's a premium company. Is the world's most important software company right now in existence. It's priced at a premium. Macro can happen. The stock market can basically, you know, go in the fritz. All of this can happen, right? But all of this will be temporary because at the end of the day, pan is going to dominate the world's most important secular trend. And I keep repeating the sentence because it's just so true. Peter Lynch always said, "Never too late to buy good companies, good businesses, as long as you have a long-term horizon." I'm not talking to traders, whole different ballgame, right? And I I respect traders. There's more than one way to make money in the stock market. I get it. But as a long-term investor for the next 10 years, you know, it's never too late to buy. It's never too late. So the bottom line is very very very simple. You know, I think Palanteer basically sits under the biggest secular trend in existence. I think that it has a top three CEO. I think that Wall Street never understood it. It doesn't really understand it now except the fact that the price went up a little bit and I think there's still huge upside. You just saw my new price targets and I think you still need strong nerves of the stock because it's going to do crazy things in the short term and if you are sitting on huge profits from Palanteer from 2022 there's no shame in derisking selling 10% 20% 30% and then DCAing back the same profits why not you can derisk and just sleep better at night. Who cares? Nobody's judging you. In fact, I've never been more bullish on Palunteer. Never in my life. Now, if you actually want to get better at this game and watch the whole Palunteer lecture, which I'll do in a couple of weeks, we'll do this for two hours breaking down every little element about Palunteer and beyond that, you actually will become a better investor like some of my other students by becoming more disciplined and understanding that this is not a rat race. This is not a casino. This is a long-term play where you can actually stack the whole deck in your favor legally and actually win and get great results as long as you're patient. So, as always, don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing. I'll see you in the academy later.