============================================================
Video: oSL7QqvqjIA
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: The Best Investing Strategy for 2025
Date: 2025-04-23
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3340
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:41:37.972855
============================================================

So, the next 10 days are going to make or break a lot of investors, a lot of portfolios. I don't have time to go to the studio today to make a full video. So, I'm here impromptu and I kind of want to recap what happened over the past few days after a tumultuous couple of weeks. Let's put it this way. We have seen a recovery yesterday. Today, from what it seems in the futures market, it seems to be another green day. And then we of course have bas talking in a few minutes and that's going to make or break what today looks like. But I think the bigger picture is yet to come and I do believe the next 10 days are going to shape up where we headed for the next few weeks. Now so far what we've seen yesterday is a rally on a lot of deescalation or at least a hopeium of deescalation. Bessent allegedly said that escalating things with China is not a good idea and that the solution is definitely the smarter way and there's a good chance that a deal will be made. Now, on top of that, we have Trump coming out yesterday and saying, "Well, I'm not going to fire John Pal basically backtracking on his original statement." And we have Bitcoin absolutely disengaging from the stock market and absolutely flying off the handle, basically going into newer highs. And on top of it, the craziest thing that everybody kind of were shocked to see is that Tesla had very subpar earnings and yet the stock flew out on the stratosphere on, you know, absolutely horrendous numbers. So, a lot to talk about today. I don't have a lot of time, probably like 10 minutes. So, I'm going to try to do it as fast as I can and I hope you guys can as fast as I can and I hope you guys can as fast as I can and I hope you guys can stay with me here. So, as always, you know, don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing. So, first of all, I have to address the question that everybody's posing to me, which is essentially what what's going on with Tesla, right? So, Tesla goes out, basically poops the bed in the earnings. By the way, Elon actually had a pretty good call, but the numbers were not great and yet the stock is up. What's going on? Well, what's going on is that the stock is down 50% from the highs. So, a lot of what you saw yesterday was already priced in over the past few months. Once the stock is down 50% and it's a massive stock like Tesla, what you saw yesterday was already priced in. You know the famous saying, you know, buy the rumor, sell the news. Well, this is the opposite. Sell the rumor, buy the news. So, everybody knew this is going to happen and once it came out and certainly basically happened, a lot of people bought back. That's just how the market works. It's it's a forward- facing mechanism. And I think a lot of people starting to understand that Tesla is not going anywhere. Now what I do want to talk about here today is beyond the Tesla stock and the PAL talk and all that stuff. I want to talk about the various assortment of experts that are coming out right now with predictions about the market. Just from glancing in today's newspapers I saw Banking of America Bank of Bank of America talking about a 56 target 5600 target for the S&amp;P 500 which means a negative year. We have legendary investor Dan Loe saying he's selling out out of max 7. So, a lot of panic, a lot of fear. I want to remind you guys that we're still in in in max fear. I mean, fear and greed index, we're in max fear right now. And we've been in max fear for quite a while. And I don't know how long we stay there, but one thing I can tell you for certain is that the longer we stay in negative sentiment, the longer we stay in max fear like this, the possibility of the market to bounce up and go crazy in certain days like we saw yesterday based on basically nothing. I mean bas basically said or allegedly said something about doing maybe some he just basically nothing burger. that the market is so hungry for positivity. You know, once you have this prolonged period of bad bad bad sentiment, the minute you have a glimpse of anything remotely decent, the market is going to fly off the handle. And that's why we have this whole system of looking at the best 10 days over a course of 20 years. Those best 10 days happen out of the blue. And I wouldn't be completely out of the market right now, even though it's scary. I totally understand. It's not a pleasant time to be in the market. It's absolutely gut-wrenching sometimes and it's a roller coaster and it's not for everyone. But getting out of the market and waiting for better times statistically has not been proven to be a rewarding exercise. Right? So today we have a lot of stuff going on. We have obviously the economic data coming out. We have basin speaking. We have global PMI. We have home sales. A lot of stuff will come out today. The focal point of this obviously is going to be the basin speech which starts in about 20 minutes as of the making of this video. He's going to talk at 10:00 a.m. And whatever he says and how he says that is going to determine a lot about what the market has to say because so far we have seen this kind of swing reaction from one side to the other based on innuendo and he said she said and so he's going to come out today and he's going to set the record straight and the way he says things is going to determine what the market thinks about the future perspective. the future perspective of stocks and the trade war and all that stuff. Now, obviously, right now the market is in euphoria mode because over the past two days, we've been celebrating the fact that the administration is talking about deescalation, being pragmatic, not wanting to decouple from China and all this kind of peace offerings that we've been hearing. But it can all change in a heartbeat. one post on true social or ex by Trump and this whole thing can go down, you know, down the toilet. I wouldn't hold on to this optimism right now. And I think that as far as the market goes, the market can show us a lot worse than what we've seen over the past few weeks. I mean, we had a taste of how bad things can get. And don't expect the market to be rational when the president is Donald Trump. Now, we have Google earnings tomorrow. On top of it, next week we have Meta, we have Amazon, Microsoft and Apple. So the reason I'm saying the next 10 days are going to make or break this market this year. A lot of portfolios, a lot of investors is because if you look at the Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, Apple earnings, which are coming out over the next 10 days. This is where we will find out, you know, who's been swimming naked. You know, when the tide comes out, we're going to find out who's been swimming naked. And traditionally, these companies usually save the market, right? Usually when earnings come out, these companies bail us out from bad sentiment. So right now the question remains how good the numbers are, how good the guidance is. We'll talk about that in a second. Um I think it's a frustrating time right now to be an investor in the stock market. I totally understand this. Volatility is absolutely crazy. I get it. But I'll talk about it towards the end of the video. I think there is no better time to invest than in times of bad sentiment, volatility, and uncertainty. The time to buy things is where nobody wants them, right? I always give this example. If you walk into a a BMW dealership and you're trying to get a convertible BMW, right? One of them James Bond BMWs. So, if you could come in in July, in the middle of the summer when everybody's trying to get a convertible or at a time where there's not a lot of inventory, right? Well, you're not going to get a good price. But let's say you're stepping in in December 20th, just before the year ends, and they're trying to meet their quota and get their bonuses, and on top of it, the inventory is is massive. They're stuck with all these cars. They're trying to get rid of all these cars. you're going to get a much significantly better deal in scenario B. Imaginary scenarios. All I'm saying is that when there's plenty of inventory and nobody's buying, that's where you get the good deals. You're not going to get the good deal when everybody's piling in to buy a BMW convertible. The same thing, the same principle works in the stock market. So, there is no debate that the best time to buy for a long-term investor is when times are bad. And people can call it and can laugh about it and be cynical about it, but those people are not making money. We have a track record of making money since, you know, 2022 was the year where everybody were making fun of these long-term investors, bulls who are buying at the bottom. They're, you know, catching a falling knife, etc., etc. Palanteer was selling at six and 12 and 15 and 20 for a whole year. Guess what? It's almost at 100 today. Should be 100 by the time I make this video. So it worked out pretty well for us. Now look, let's talk about what's going on with the earnings. Obviously, there's macroeconomic risks that can topple this market. If tariff war continues, if we have inflationary pressures because of tariffs, if we have a credit risk, the bond market, a lot of things can happen on the macro level that can take this market into a bad bad bad time. But if the earnings of these companies, the Google, the Meta, the Amazon, the Microsoft, the Apple that come out over the next 10 days, if they could, if they come out soft, well, it's going to be a big major blow for the stock market. I'm not going to lie. Um, they don't have to blow the earnings out of the water for the market to have a good reaction. Right? Right now the standard given how bad the sentiment is as long as Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft and Apple basically give a decent earnings the market is going to love it. Even if let's say one poops the bed and the rest of them have decent earnings that's still going to be okay. The threshold here the bar isn't set very high because of this negative sentiment. I've been saying that negative sentiment gives a lot of opportunities and we have been long long in extreme fear and any spark can can trigger a massive rally here and if they actually blow earnings out of the water then expect an absolute pandemonium in the market right now in my patreon just uh yesterday we have analyzed Meta Meta is a company that's reporting in a few days we've taken a look at Meta and we've also I think done Amazon And with Meta, right, it's definitely a a cheap cheap valuation right now. The PE is in the low 20s, massive revenues, massive growth, lots of cash flow, a phenomenal business, not tariff related at all, etc., etc., etc. The thing is, we also pointed out it does have some intrinsic risks that you need to be aware of. I mean, they're dealing with a lot of antitrust issues with the FTC. They've just been hit with a fine in the European Union. They have some outstanding issues with the FTC, ongoing issues with the FTC. So, I just want to make sure you guys understand that even though I am bullish on Meta, I think it's one of the best companies to invest and long-term, I mean, people have, you know, tried to write it off many, many times before. It still has risks, right? The the new risk right now is the FTC. Before that, when Apple changed their policies, they said that Apple's gonna die. So, Meta is going to die. It's not so easy to kill Meta. That's what I'm saying. a lot. There's a risk there with regulation, but Meta has been kind of a constant proof of how long-term investors are rewarded by great companies, no matter what the risks are and what the events are. Right now, the same thing goes for the rest of the market. If you look at the rest of the market right now, you're going to get a very similar result, right? So, we might be actually headed right now into a prolonged dip or a prolonged slump in the stock market. I'm not saying that's impossible. In fact, I'm saying there's, you know, 50-50 chance if we are headed for a long long slump, what do you do with your portfolio, right? Because that's the question you need to ask yourself, right? And to me, and this is something I explain to my community and every time we speak with the members and academy members, I always make that point. When you have extended periods of slump, it just means you have a longer period to acquire cheaper great companies, right? If it's a long slump like the one we had in 2022 where we had like 10 months of a bad market, it means it's good news because you're going to have 10 months to pick up cheap, dirt cheap, great companies, just the same way we did with Palanteer in 2022. But Palanteer isn't the only stock in town. There's a lot of options. So we always look at the possibility of a prolonged slump as a huge buying opportunity. So the concern for us is not if it's going to happen is how do we make sure we have enough capital to deploy during an extended slump so we can pick up as much of these as we can. Right? The same thing happened with Amazon in the early 2000s when people wrote it off. It went from five to 50 cents and it stayed there for years. You could have bought it and made a lot of money in 25 years on Amazon. you've made a lot of money in Palunteer in 2022 for the same logic. I mean, I think slowly DCAing into great companies pays off long term. There's no two ways about it. And you know, if you take a look at the market in general, I mean, the market is very resilient, folks. I know you're seeing a lot of fear right now, you're seeing a lot of panic, a lot of negativity, but you have no idea how resilient the United States stock market is. If you take a look over the past 16 years since 2010, 29, 2009, sorry. You know, 15 16 years, I can name at least 10 to 15 cataclysmic negative events that told you you should be selling out of the market, right? Wars, pandemics, collapses, banking failures, you name it. We can talk about 20, 30 different things that happened in the past 15 years that have been catastrophic for the economy, for the stock market, and yet if you just held on to your S&amp;P 500 for those 15 years, you have made 830%. I mean, that's not too shabby. There's a lot of reasons to sell always, and there will always be because media likes the drama. They love the the excitement, and they love to make you guys emotional. But the fact of the matter is it was never a good idea to sell out of the stock market. So what we're doing right now in our community is basically three things. We're derisking, which means if we have massive profits on companies like Palanteer, for example, a lot of my students are up hundreds of percents on Palanteer. Well, they're talking a little bit off the top, 10%, 20%, maybe 30%. They're drisking, especially with Palanteer hitting $100. And that's just responsible. That's not being bearish. We've been doing that for the past few weeks. Another thing we're doing is we don't panic. We understand that prolong drops are good for us and we are ready for them. And finally, we're making sure we have enough cash flow to deploy when this is going to happen because eventually all markets drop. I mean, no market just goes up always. So, while waiting for the inevitable drop, we're making sure we have enough cash flow. So that means either cutting back on your expenses so you have enough money to deploy or increasing your your earning opportunity and your earning capacity, right? Maybe even both. Make sure you're generating more income by improving your skill set by, you know, getting a side hustle. There's different options to do that. And on top of it, you can reduce your expenses. And if you're spending less and earning more, well, you have more money to DCA. And if bad times come, I mean, that DCA is going to basically be an opportunity to make generational wealth, just like we did in 2022, just like a lot of smart investors did in 2000. This ain't nothing new. This has been going on forever. And what's funny to me is that the cynics on the sideline that have been watching this happen and complain, they have never made money. Even though they have always been there and all of this was in front of them, but in every period when this happens, you have people on the sideline complaining and moaning and talking about how bad things are and getting angry. Instead, they could just stop complaining and start making money. It's actually quite simple. All you have to do is get get a little bit patience. That's it. If you have patience and you have a long-term horizon, you'll be fine. The only thing you have to really learn is how to pick good companies to invest in so you don't DCA long-term into crash. Well, that's where I come in and that's where I I'm inviting you to join my academy. Head on over to patreon.comtomash. We will teach you how to pick good companies to DCA into long-term so you can make generational wealth over the next 1015 years. We'll teach you how to become more patient, more diligent, more methodical. All of this is in the academy. As I mentioned before, we are actually building a new website. We're going to be moving the academy there. And once that happens, prices do go up. So, these are your last few chances to get it at the current price, lock in the current price forever, and become a part of the academy. And as always, you know, we got a 30-day money back guarantee for anybody. So, if you're not happy with the academy, poof, you have your refund and we'll send you on your way with no issues at all. As always, it's been a pleasure. Thank you. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.