============================================================
Video: Mt8MRdR_FwY
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a TESLA shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-10-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3147
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:36:47.792100
============================================================

If you are a Tesla shareholder, you better get ready because this is going to be one hell of a ride. Now, the bottom line always comes first in all of my videos. I'm not about to waste your time. I'm not about to hold you hostage. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. The bottom line is quite simple. Tesla is heading to $900 per share. It's going to get there whether you like it or not. And it's going to get there a lot sooner than most people realize. And yet again, most investors, whether it's retail or institutional investors, most of them will miss out again on this rally as well. And most of my community, will be ahead of the curve again, just like we were with Oracle back in 2021 when everybody called Oracle a dinosaur. We added it on our top stocks list. And I also gave you another chance in June this year before the massive spike again happened. The same thing I did with Arista a couple years ago. I told you about Nvidia being the ultimate stock four years ago. I told you about Palunteer being a 500 stock about five years ago back in 2020. And with Tesla, I've been on the case for many, many years. And yet my message has never changed. But I always brought receipts. I've never relied on it's the future, bro. Trust me, bro. Elon is the best ever, bro. It's always been based on data. The fact of the matter is that most investors are too lazy to do the actual research and they want shortcuts and based on the yahoos and the idiots they're seeing on mainstream media and social media. They are being misled yet again. And yet, they don't learn the lesson. Now, just in May, five months ago, I've put out a lecture, lecture number 50 on the Roy Academy at payton.com/dommnash. Lecture was called Tesla stock deep dive, where I told you Tesla's technology intersects every single major secular trend the world is experiencing right now. And even though risks exist, the premium valuation is worth it because of the technology, because of the upside, because of the quality of the CEO, and if you got a 10-year horizon, it is a no-brainer. Now, I'm not here to talk about things I said back in May. In May, the price was about 95% cheaper. That whole thing is now pathological. We don't care. So from late 2024 when Tesla was the hottest thing since sliced bread, the stock dropped from 480 late 2024 all the way down to mid 200s, high 200s, 280. Now in our lecture back in May, we said that the thesis for the company, not the stock, the thesis for the company, not the stock, is stronger than ever. And now lo and behold, price went up from 280 to 443 because fundamentals always beat the noise and the narrative. Elon is bad. Elon politics. People hate Tesla. None of this matters. And in this video, I'll show you that the next stop is $900. And the time horizon isn't that far away. It's about 6 to 12 months at most. Now, the short-term issues of Tesla, we all are well aware. They're well documented. You've got Elon antics, the things he says, the things he posts, they ain't going to change. That's just Elon negative sentiment. We've got auto sales stagnation, maybe even certain decline. We've got the competition from China. We've got massive regulatory issues potentially coming at Tesla with the full self-driving. And Tesla is about to spend a whole lot of money on capital expenditures, capex, and expansion. There's a lot of noise right now around Tesla. None of the things I just pointed out risk the existence of Tesla. None of the points I just pointed out take away from the strength of the thesis of Tesla. In fact, I'll show you that when you look at the actual thesis, the picture is completely different. And yes, I understand Elon Musk is Tesla. It's a package deal. You can't get one without the other, just like you can't get good Elen without bad Elen. That's the guy. This is the company. It's built in his spirit. The Twitter deal, remember what happened with Tesla? Blew over. Was pure noise. The pay package deliver blew over. Nobody cares. Now Trump separation blew over. Nobody cares anymore. Remember how insane this was that Elon, mommy, and daddy were fighting over Twitter? Noise. Nobody cares anymore. Volatility with Elon Musk and Tesla is certain, but that volatility has created a lot of opportunities for my community and myself and has scared a lot of investors from getting into Tesla. And in this video, I'll show you why being afraid of the Tesla volatility if you are a long-term investor is not the right way to do this. Now, despite all the noise we just talked about that happened over the past couple years, Tesla in the past 5 years has rewarded its patient shareholders, not the ones who are buying and selling, trying to type the bottom, trying to time the top, the patient investors of Tesla that held for the past 5 years, have done 216%. Now, is it something to write home about? Is it as exciting as Palanteer Nvidia? It's certainly not. But that's not the point. The point is that the share price so far has been rewarding to long-term shareholders, but with what I'm about to show you today, I think that the explosion in the share price to catch up with this incredible stuff they've got lined up is just a question of time. Now, the perfect setup for me, and you know, my thesis is I like a business that's getting better, but at the same time, that improvement not being obvious to the masses. And with a stock price that's lagging behind the market leaders because what happens that always in the situation you'll have the aha moment where the rest of the world is going to wake up to what's going on and that moment will be followed by a massive eruption of a stock price that always follows the fundamentals. Same thing happened with Palunteer. Palanteer was improving all the way from 35 down to six. From six up to whatever it is right now 150 160 170. I kind of lost track at this point. I'm just counting the amount of yachts I'm going to buy from Palanteer. It's no longer in the price. Now, jokes aside, right? For 12 months with Palunteer, the stock price was pretty much flat at 6, 7, 8, and people were talking about insider selling, slowing growth. Oh my god, it's a government contractor. It's not really a software. Microsoft is coming for the lunch. But people who look beyond the PE ratio and beyond this noise saw the wonderful technology, the lack of competition, the wonderful balance sheet, the top CEO, the wonderful free cash flow growth, and such investors were rewarded with 1,800% of an explosion once the market actually had that aha moment that I was talking about. Now, why am I talking about $900? Because number one, I see no thesis decline for Tesla whatsoever. I see that the main growth engines for Tesla for the next 5 years being AI, FSD, robo taxi, energy, and obviously robotics being not just intact, in fact better than ever. Tesla is currently placing itself as number one as the leading gold standard in each of the most important secular trends we're going to experience over the next decade. And the transition is pretty much obvious and they're talking about it and they're letting you know and yet people are refusing to listen and to pay attention. Now we already have the first robot taxi service launched in limited capacity in Austin. Got Cyber Cab coming up in 2026. But even looking at FSD at full self driving, Tesla has the most amount of miles and it is experiencing a growth in that mile capacity faster than anybody else. They now at 4.5 billion miles driven with FSD. Nobody comes close and they are also running the fastest. It's the FSD data flywheel nobody's going to be able to beat. On top of it, they've got the AI training capacity that nobody else has right now in the industry. They've got over 16,000 H200s, additional H200s they just bought. Currently sitting about 70,000 H100 equivalent just for AI training. The megapac deployment from China is starting out. And yes, you can take a look at the Q2 revenues and you can talk about the revenue not being good, the gross profit not being good, operating income is down, deliveries are down, margin is down, and it is all true. It's not like it was a spectacular quarter. It's not like we're going to put lipstick on the pig here and say that the quarter was incredibly wellput and everything was perfect. No, this is the cost of doing business. And when the doing business part is transitioning from a pure EV sales business to AI, FSD, robotics, energy, and all that stuff we talked about, the transition costs money. you're going to lose some traction in your core business, in your legacy business, but you have to be brave enough to make that decision. The important parameters for Tesla are on the screen right now. This is from Stock MVP, stock-mpp.com. It's a software that I've made for you to analyze stocks, and we're going to be switching to stockp 2.0. By the end of the month, if you sign up right now, you'll get grandfathered at the current price, which is about 50% of the new price we're going to charge after October. So, check it out. stock. You can get it right now and keep your price forever. Now, if you look at the cash and the equivalents, Tesla is up 20%. It's at 37 billion. If you look at the free cash flow, 5 a.5 billion, up 225% for the past year. If you look at the cash and short-term investments right now versus debt, they've got almost three times more cash than debt. And it still is a company that's spending $5 billion on R&amp;D every single year. R&amp;D being research and development. That is 18 and a half% increase. So as Tesla is spending more on R&amp;D, it's still bringing way more cash than ever. Yeah, the quarter wasn't brilliant, but it's doing fine. It's got plenty of cash, no real debt, and it is investing money and transitioning. That's fine. Now, if you look at breaking these KPIs down, let's start with robotics first. We'll talk about robotics and then we'll talk about the other stuff. I want to show you how much robotics is worth because people don't understand how big this thing is. And I'm just going to throw a little thing here. Robotic is not even the biggest of these growth engines. In fact, it's something completely different. But even robotics in itself is probably worth a lot more than people realize. probably just as much as the current business Tesla now human robotics is the biggest game changer in the way we do business as humanity no doubt right and because the market is forward facing once the market realizes that Tesla has leadership in this sector and this sector is going to change industries whether it's manufacturing production logistics the the hospitality services you name it the pricing of the stock is going to be adjusted forward- facing just like every added stock just like Palanteer is right now. Now we're talking about a market of hundred billion dollars total addressable market of human robotics by 2030. Think about what Tesla is really good at. Tesla is really good at global manufacturing. It's really good at production and scaling. It's really good at supply chains. It's really good at developing AI, at sensors, vision sensors, at batteries, at electric motors. It's probably one of the best in the world getting top tier talent, which is exactly all the ingredients to having the best robotics company in the world, which Tesla is actually actively trying to get to right now. The numbers are actually pretty insane. If you get about $25,000 per unit in sales by 2030 and you sell 1.6 6 million robots by 2030. That's about 40 billion in annual sales in about 5 years. Let's say that the operating margin is going to be 25 to 35%. So let's say that we're looking at an operating income of about 10 to 14 billion annually from robotics. If you give it a 20x multiple on earnings, that's about $300 billion extra market cap right now to Tesla's value just from robotics. And that's just one of them. If you take a look at energy, which is another overlooked item of Tesla, Tesla is slowly kind of became the gold standard in energy right now, at least on the commercial side. It's an industryleading brand and they have top clients. It's high margin business and it's recurring revenue and still absolutely ignored by retail investors. Now, they're building a massive empire right now. Even though it seems like it's small, oh my god, no, it's just a 10 billion annual revenue. Who cares? It's going to be a hundred billion by 2030. You just wait and watch. And the reason is very simple. You've got global electricity demand exploding out of the stratosphere because of the hyperscalers, because of the AI, because of the data centers. Batteries and energy is the new oil. Tesla is the biggest name in the grid management, grid storage in the world right now. That's a given. Now, Tesla is expected to grab about 25% of that just on a cautious basis. It's probably going to be more. But if Tesla grabs about 25% from these 3,000 gawatt hours by 2030, we're talking about 600 gatt hours of battery deployment annually by 2030. That's about 200 per kilowatt assumed. 100 billion dollar of revenue. Gross margin about 25%. So you're looking about 800 to 900 billion extra right here as well. So between energy and robotics, we still haven't said a word about FSD and robo taxi. And here in lies the cool part now FSD beta if you had a chance to experience it. It's pretty mind-blowing. Right. There's no real regulatory issues that are going to stop Tesla from deploying this. Just like no regulatory issues would have stopped cars when horses were getting out of style. It is an amazing business model with recurring revenue and this is where the margins for Tesla are going to go from nice to freaking insane. Now, right now Tesla sales cars once they charge 45k per vehicle, 50k per vehicle, whatever that is, but FSD and robo taxi are recurring revenue businesses. So, what's better? 45,000 per vehicle and then selling some services or a recurring ongoing non-stop license? I think the obvious answer is right in front of you. On top of that, we're not even going to consider today the money that Tesla is going to collect from OEM licenses, from other manufacturers who don't have that technology. Not even counting that in right now, just looking at FSD straight up to consumers. So by 2030, if Tesla has about 15 million vehicles on the road, let's say that half is robo taxi, half is actual vehicles they sold. So let's say seven and seven, right? Each vehicle of robo taxi is going to do 50k miles per year at about dollar per mile. That's a 50k revenue. Let's say that the gross margin here is going to be about, you know, 50% because, you know, you'll pay about 25 on expenses. So, you're looking at about $400 billion of total revenue by 2030, 50% as mentioned. So, it's 200 billion of profit. And if you use a 20x multiple here, 200 billion of profit, you're looking at a $4 trillion addition to the market cap of Tesla right now on the stock price level that nobody is taking into account. And that's just robo taxi. What about FSD itself? Well, let's say 5 million FSD is actually licensed to users by 2030. You know, at about 200 bucks a pop, which is what they charge. That's another 12 billion dollars of annual recurring revenue for Tesla. 85% gross margin. Remember, it's a whole different margin game in software. That's $10 billion. At a 20x multiple, that's another $160 billion of market cap. So, if you look at the current pricing of Tesla, right, you still are not accounting to 4 trillion of robo taxi, 900 billion of energy, 160 billion of FSD. That's another $5 trillion in market cap that these elements will add to Tesla's value by 2030. How much of it is going to be priced ahead of time? Everything. How much of it by 2026? I think we will get to about $900 per share using a partial element from what I just showed you on the screen. Now, obviously, the risks here for Tesla is that the stock ain't cheap, but nothing premium is. Elon is bad. Of course, that is a one reason that not to buy Tesla stock if you're absolute China competition is coming. I think is completely misunderstood. That risk is essentially an opportunity. The Chinese competition is going to be one of Elen's biggest clients for FSD. Macro downturns will come and go. It won't affect Tesla long term. This is all noise. None of this matters for the thesis. None of this is business related. Risks exist, but they're not a reason to not invest. Now, if you want to get access to lecture number 50, we've done the deep dive, 2-hour deep dive on Tesla, lecture number 50 from May 2025 and our Discord and our chat rooms and one weekly academy lesson plus one weekly office hours lesson and access to me via DMs on Patreon that you can ask me questions. All of that is available in academy ro academy paton.com/domnash. Would love to see you there. Thank you so much and I'll see you in 2026. Stock MVP and its signature product MVP cards, net profits, operational costs, debt margins. However you invest, Stock MVP is here to help, steering you in the right direction in mere seconds. Stock MVP also delivers additional features such as DCF calculators, insider and senator trading, key investment data in one place and simplified. Take the helm of smart research and leave endless wasted hours in your wake.