============================================================
Video: GzTpIeT3prY
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING FOR STOCKS
Date: 2025-04-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3114
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:41:59.258558
============================================================

This is a massive gamecher. What we just got Saturday about Trump lifting tariffs off of phones, TVs, all sorts of electronics, but mainly semiconductors. That is a huge piece of news for the stock market that will change the entire trajectory of where this market is headed for the rest of the year. This is absolutely insane. We have to talk about it. Now, if you were part of my academy, you knew exactly how to set up for this. You were properly aligned. you were prepped and you knew exactly how this thing is going to play out. And by the way, shout out, we just hit 17,000 members on the academy. Couldn't be more proud. Our Discord is insanely active. Our community is the hands down best finance community in the world. 17,000 members know exactly what's going on and we're prepped for this. We don't predict, we prepare. Now, let's talk about it. So, over the past two weeks, we saw Palunteer, for example, go down to 74 all the way up from 85. Then now back up to 89. Basically taking a whole roller coaster up and down. Finally closing about 5% higher on that entire period despite all the panic, despite the bears gloating and all the haters. Now in fact if you actually zoom out over the past 6 months, Palanteer is up 104%. That shows you that panic selling in turbulent times is never a good idea. And despite all the panic, despite all the fear, if you look at the past week, we have seen Tesla up 13%, Nvidia up 18%, Palanteer over the past week is up 32%. The NASDAQ is up 7%. The S&amp;P 500 is up almost 6%. That's 60% of the annual return of the S&amp;P 500 in a single week. Even the Dow is up 5%. That shows you the importance of emotional and psychological control. I always say this is hands down the most important aspect of investing. And this also shows you the beauty of investing. The beauty is that sometimes you will have terrific generational companies at ridiculous prices. And that is exactly how smart investors get rich. This is a prime example of exactly that. Now, the past week was an absolute bloodbath. We started on Monday with a complete sell-off. Tuesday, it continued. People were talking about the potential repeat of the 1987 Black Monday. People were freaking out, all sorts of panic. And then Trump announces that they're pausing tariffs for 90 days on all countries except China. The market loves this. The market spikes up. The next day, the sell-off resumes. And on Saturday, we just got an announcement from Trump that might be even more important than the 90-day pause. According to the new announcement from Trump, electronics, TVs, phones, but mainly semiconductors will be exempt from tariffs. That is a massive, massive piece of news for tech companies. In fact, it is probably more important than the 90-day pause because it puts a lot of certainty on the table. Now, if you watch my video on March 26th, this is exactly what I told you would happen. Trump is going to come out with all these statements, but then he's going to find an offramp keeping the headline, but essentially excluding a lot of these tariffs from being effective, which is exactly how this played out. And now people are saying, "Well, Tom, how could we know this would happen? I literally told you on March 26th, let me show you. He's going to keep the headlines. He's going to keep the clout. and he's going to keep the agenda talking about tariffs, but it will essentially drain these tariffs out of any real actual me. It's basically essentially a situation where he wants the attention and he wants the cloud, but even though the headline will say that the tariffs were imposed, he's going to climb down the ladder he just gave himself. What this means that even though the headline will say tariffs are imposed, it's going to be exemptions, exceptions, maybe temporary exemptions, a lot of different ways. Maybe the terrorist will only be applied to certain products or not that significant. A lot of ways to keep the headline and not to say that you're cancelling but to completely avoid the problem here. Now, Saturday's news are absolutely insane and the impact on the tech market is going to be wild. People will have to repric this new found certainty into a market that basically was on panic mode for the better part of the past month. Now, this completely flips the script on how people see the stock market, how they see tech, how they see growth, how they see the trajectory, the whole bearish sentiment is going to start to heat up, and it's probably going to unleash a significant rally. No guarantees, but there's a good chance we're going to see this rubber band effect of a stock market sentiment going down, down, down, and getting released and absolutely flying off the handle. Now, I told you in a recent video that I just put out just a week ago that this is how usually things play out. I told you, hey guys, when we have steep, sharp, quick declines like the ones we've seen over the past two weeks, when we have the market just tank right away, nine out of 10 times, what's going to happen is a usable run right after. A lot of these so-called experts have been telling you that this time is different for the past 50 years. Every time we had a little correction, people pop out telling you this time is different. This time, because ABC, it's not going to be like the previous 100 years. And guess what? Every time they're proven wrong. So this is not different. So next time you pop a Tik Tok or Instagram and somebody's explaining that this this time is different. These guys have been around for the past 50 years. Ignore them. Be smart. Be logical. Now, could this trigger a massive rally? Sure it can. But we don't predict, we prepare. Remember, even if the rally happens with you out of the market, you shouldn't feel like you've missed out. You shouldn't develop FOMO, fear of missing out. You did not miss anything. There's never a bad time to start dollar cost averaging, which means investing a little bit every single month into quality businesses, quality companies over the long haul. I'm going to give you an example. Palunteer in 2023 doubled in price in six months. And everybody thought this has already ran its course. You don't want to invest after a parabolic spike. Since then, it's up 5x in just 2 and 1/2 years. Things don't suddenly happen. Good companies are always a beneficiary of time in the market, not timing the market. Now, what should you do next? Let's talk about it. Now, I hope you learned your lesson. And that lesson is that volatility and risk are different things. They're not the same. A volatile market is not a risky market. I told you this many times before. When volatility happens, it's actually a blessing in disguise for smart investors. They ain't risk. Risk means if a company's thesis is deteriorating, that is risk. If regulation is coming down, that is risk. But the market being volatile has zero risk and all the opportunity in the world. Now, when you have paper losses in your portfolio, the easiest thing in the world is to sell out, panic, bail, and say, "Well, I'm getting out as much as I can before it gets too worse." That's human nature of risk aversion. I explained this to you many, many times before. The hurt we feel from losing a dollar is doubled than the pleasure of winning a dollar. That's just the way we are wired as human beings. That is why it's important to surround yourself with people who can help you through these bad times, who can be your support group to stay grounded. That is why our community and our academy and our Discord serve that exact purpose. Now, for 90% of retail investors, the horizons they have as far as investing horizons are absolutely flexible. In good times, they're all 20 horizon investors. The moment we have a couple of weeks of a turbulent market, their time horizon in the market shrinks to just a couple days. And if you allow yourself to think like that, to think like 90% of retail investors, you're going to have the same results like 90% of retail investors, which lose money in a market that only goes up. Because you see, time in the market allows good companies to have their fundamentals overshadow the short-term noise. That is why they say that time in the market is the best friend of a great business. You know, the stock market frequently overshoots and it does it in both directions. Sometimes it overshoots up, sometimes it overshoots down and it then corrects. When you dollar cost average and you actually use these overshoots to your advantage, you can make a lot of money. All you have to do is recognize that market turbulence is a feature and not a bug in the stock market. That's it. In the turbulent market, you'll have a lot of swings, dramatic swings. It's going to feel like the world is ending, but then the sentiment is going to be your worst enemy. People will tell you on X, on social media, on mainstream media about how bad things are, how this time it's different. I warned you that this time it ain't different. And yet over the long haul, if you look at the stock market, the stock's price will usually follow the fundamentals if you give it enough time. That's the whole story here. You have to give it enough time, assuming, of course, that you actually picked good businesses and you haven't invested in garbage. Now, how do I stay calm every single time? How did I stay calm in 2022? How did I stay calm in every single little turbulence we had over the past couple years? And how did I stay calm over the past two weeks giving you this message that, hey, there's nothing to freak out about? Well, that is because I focus on things that matter. I don't focus on what the news are telling me. I focus on fundamentals like the revenue growth of a company like the margins like how much debt they have, how much cash they have, how much free cash flow margin they have, what kind of mode protective mode they have around their technology around their product around their service. what is the quality of the CEO and the entire management and what I do is I actually combine both the story element the business the upside the potential with the numbers with the fundamentals and I create a thesis and when things go south in the stock market I take a look and I'm saying okay I've studied these company's fundamentals I know the leadership I know the industry trends I know their margins the mode I know everything there is to know about this company is this company now worse off than it was just a couple of weeks ago or is this a discount on a really really good company? And if I can do that analysis, it allows me to stay really, really calm. Now, there's a lot of yahoos in the comment section of these videos on social media who are going to make you emotional. They're cynics on the sideline who have never made any actual money. People who make money, they don't pay attention to noise. That's the whole thing. If you actually want to make money, start thinking like a smart investor. Ignore all the yahoos and idiots in the comments egging you on. And you can do that by following a very simple set of rules. Set aside some money that can serve as an emergency platform for you if you actually need cash and the market is down. That way, you won't have to liquidate stocks at pennies on the dollar to pay rent. You can also stay diversified like I do. 40% of my entire portfolio is sitting nicely in the S&amp;P 500, which I know is going to underperform Palunteer and Tesla over the next decade for sure. Why do I do that? Well, I do that because the bad times that come and they eventually always come, this S&amp;P 500 allocation is going to protect my psyche, my emotions. If the market goes 20% down, it's easier to stomach than a stock like Palunteer, which at the same time probably will be 50 to 60 to 70% down. There's a huge benefit to diversification, especially through an index like a broad market index such as the S&amp;P 500. If the market tanks, such index is not going to drop as hard as your growth stocks like a palenteer, like a Tesla. That protection is important for your psychology. I'm not vain enough to say, "Hey, I'm above all of this. I'm an emotional creature like every single other human being on the planet just like you. If I'm trying to get on a diet, I'm not going to go hungry and then go walk around, hang out outside the pizza place." The same story applies here. I'm going to diversify a large chunk of my portfolio so I can protect my emotions if times get tough for a while. Which is a good explanation of why every single portfolio needs to have a substantial S&amp;P 500 allocation even if it's going to underperform the NASDAQ or any particular stock. Now, most importantly, you just saw the power of dollar cost averaging. Palunteer was selling at 74 just a week ago. It's now at 90. If you actually started adding when the stock was down, now you've just improved your position in just a matter of a couple of days. Another example why emotional control, psychological control, limiting exposure to news, and focusing on long-term horizons give you an ability to weed out the noise and stay relaxed when everybody else is panicking, which is exactly the formula to making money in the stock market. And this is not me saying that. That's Warren Buffett. He actually said this many times before. The bulk majority of their money, his and Charlie Munger, was made in times of panic. And he actually gives away that formula. And yet 90% of investors refuse to learn and refuse to listen to the goat, which is something that just absolutely boggles my mind. Now, a good lesson from the past couple of weeks is actually about exactly that. If you can learn and you can execute and you can actually implement taking advantage of market fear, you're going to make generational wealth. That is exactly the same formula that people like Buffett have been using for the past 50 years. Whenever you have a little bit of volatility, you're going to have some people selling off. That selloff is going to trigger a bigger panic selling from retail investors. That way, you're going to end up with lots of phenomenal companies at very cheap prices. And then you'll have long-term investors come in with their watch list of their favorite stocks come in and pick up these companies at cents on the dollar, making themselves a lot of money. This is exactly the formula Buffett used for the past five decades. This is exactly the formula I used in 2022 when Palunteer was at $6. The key here is having both the conviction and the understanding of how to find quality companies so that you can use these market panics to make a lot of money. And the key here is to have both. If you have conviction, but you don't understand how to find great companies, it's not going to work. If you can actually find great companies and you can do the analysis and the modeling, but you cannot learn how to build conviction, that's not going to work. You need to have both the conviction which is here and here but also the watch list of quality companies that are not garbage stocks that will be up over the next 10 15 years. The key is to understand that the combination of these two things this is what makes money when all the other stocks are in complete freefall. Now, this is why building and preserving a cash reserve on the sideline through our DCA system, dollar cost average system, is a strategic move. It's not just there because we like the money to sit on the sideline. It's there because it allows you to buy great businesses at pennies on the dollar when everybody else is selling off. And actually, I have a surprise for you. Now, over the past few months, people have been asking me a lot of questions about my DCA strategy, my dollar cost average strategy. It's something we teach on our Patreon, but people ask me questions and I've decided to open it up completely for free. Now, I'm going to give away my entire dollar cost average strategy tutorial a toz 100% for free. All you got to do go to my Patreon pat. You can grab it right there for free. It's open access to everybody. Once you read this, you'll have a complete understanding of how to set up your own DCA profile, your own strategy. That way, you'll always have money to double down. All of it is given away for free. And for those of you actually want to take this to the next level, well, we have a wonderful academy. We have a place for you to talk with certain community members. We'll give you guidance. You can surround yourself with like-minded people on our Discord. We have a lot of lectures stored in our archive, almost 50 lectures. And we do four new lectures every month where we teach you in depth how to become a better long-term investor. Now, this is the next step. If you're just starting out, don't just jump into it. Read the DCA tutorial, see that you understand it, and then you can jump into the academy. patreon.com/domnes. Would love to see you there. I'll see you next one.