============================================================
Video: NGf3uMVlfCU
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: An Opportunity Like This Won't Come Again... (Emergency Update)
Date: 2025-04-29
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3326
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:41:21.727833
============================================================

If you invested $10,000 into Microsoft just 20 years ago, right now your investment is worth $150,000. If you invested $10,000 into Google 20 years ago, your investment right now is $250,000. If you invested into Amazon just 20 years ago, just $10,000, your investment is a million. Meaning that if you invested $30,000 into these three companies just 20 years ago, right now your portfolio is sitting at $1.4 million. Not too shabby. Now, over the past 20 years, if you take a look at the NASDAQ, we're up 700%. The S&amp;P is around 400%. The markets will do their thing over the next 20 years. The NASDAQ and the S&amp;P will do the same thing they have done for investors time and time again. But the companies that are going to be driving this change are going to be absolutely different. It's not going to be Amazon and Microsoft and Google for the next 20 years. The next 20 years is going to be absolutely different. They're going to be new technologies, new companies, new inventions. Things are not going to be just the continuation of what we've seen over the past 20 years. In the next 20 years, there's going to be millions made in the stock market by regular people by finding the new leaders, the new tech, the new massive upside, the new Amazon, the new Microsoft, the new Apple. All of these you'll find out in today's lecture. Now, in my top 25 stock list on my academy, we have a lot of different stocks, but if you take a look at these four companies, Nvidia, Palanteer, Crowd Strike, and Tesla, well, Nvidia got added to our list on October 26, 2020. The stock is currently up 678%. Pilenteer was added not too long ago in October 1st of 2020. The stock is up over a,000%. Crowd Strike was added in February of 2021. It's up 140%. And then we have Tesla added also in October of 2020, up 76%. Not too bad. Now, this is not me bragging about my great list on my academy. That's not the point. There's a reason I'm highlighting these stocks. Now, as always in all of my videos, if there's one thing I absolutely despise people do is I don't want to hold you hostage. So, I want to make sure that you get these stocks right away. I believe, and this is the bottom line, just if you're in a hurry, that these four stocks are going to make millionaires over the next 20 years. And these four stocks are going to turn retail investors with very small portfolios into very wealthy individuals. So that's the bottom line. That's all you needed in this video. I'm okay with that. But if you actually want to understand why and if you understand how big this whole thing is, because it's a lot bigger than what you think, stick around with me for the next few minutes. Now, check this out. Okay. the next big sectors that are going to drive the US economy, that are going to drive the NASDAQ, the S&amp;P 500, and basically the entire industry forward over the next two decades are absolutely different that one we've seen over the past 20 years. The next big sectors are AI and data, artificial intelligence and data, chips or semiconductors if you are sophisticated, cyber security and robotics. Now, I'll explain in a second why I think these are the industries to be in over the next 20 years, but I just want to show you something right now. If you look at this chart right here that I've compiled and you excuse my very poor drawing abilities, that doesn't really matter. You'll find out that we have four quadrants in this in this chart, right? We have this axis showing difficulty of execution and this axis showing demand. So where you want to be as an investor for the next 20 years? Do you want to be in a sector where the demand is low and the difficulty of entry is very very low? Well, that's pretty much a commodity. Do you want to own a commodity business? Not my cup of tea, right? Do you want to be in an area where the difficulty of entry is very, very high and the barriers of entry are insanely high, but the demand is low? Certainly don't want that. I mean, if there's no demand, who cares that the barriers of entry are not that, you know, not that easy to pass, right? Do you want to be in an industry where the difficulty of entry is not high, but the demand is insane? Well, that's another commodity business pretty much. The industries that you want to be in in the next 20 years to make generational wealth is right here in this quadrant. In this quadrant, you have a high degree of difficulty to enter as well as very very high demand. High demand, high difficulty, very very hard to become an expert in this industry, a provider in this industry. But the demand is massive. Basically, this means low competition, high demand, the holy grail of business. And I believe that the four industries I just showed you, AI and data, cyber security, robotics, and of course, let's go over the list again so you don't get confused, and of course, semiconductors. These four are prevalent and they reside right here in this quadrant. And this is where you want to be as an investor. So let's take a look at the, you know, AI of 2025 versus the internet of 95. It's been 30 years since we have had the internet revolution of 1995. And right now we are in a whole new world where AI is driving a lot of where the industries is going. You have infrastructure that's basically driving Nvidia and AMD and all sorts of basically providers which are building the infrastructure for all this AI. You have physical implementation such as full self-driving such as robotics, human robots. You have safety and security and of course you have scaling and operating systems. AI in itself is not something you can just plug and play in your business, in your life. You need an operating system. You need the ability to scale. You need the ability to do it safely. All of these things are going to be driving the AI industry over the next 20 years. And as I'm about to show you right now, they're very relevant for the four companies that I've mentioned in the beginning of this video. Now AI is going to need semiconductors. AI will create massive data. AI will be utilized to create robotics, self-driving cars. And unfortunately, AI is going to generate a lot of risk that we haven't seen so far, new risks, both AIdriven risks and both AI protected risks. cyber security implementation through robotics and self-driving semiconductors and implementation scaling and operating systems of data. Now, if you take a look at these companies I've just mentioned, you might actually feel it's too late. A lot of people telling me, "Well, Tom, it's too late to buy Palunteer. It's too late to buy Nvidia. It's too late to buy a Tesla. It's too late to invest in CrowdStrike. Look at how much money this companies have made for investors over the past 5 years. Palunteer is up 10x. My flagship stock have made me and my subscribers and my academy students a lot of money over the past 5 years. Nvidia is up 15x. Tesla is up 5x. Crowd Strike is up 5x. All of these companies have made massive, massive gains. And it's very easy to fall into the trap of saying, well, the pinnacle of these companies have already happened. The money was already made. Where where's the next Nvidia? Where's the next Tesla? Where's the next Palanteer? And the problem is that people are too shortsighted. Now, when I was buying Palanteer in 2023, mid 2023, the share price was $15 per share. And people in the comments were telling me, Tom, you're buying a stock that went parabolic. It went and doubled it price in a year. You're crazy. Guess what? Shortsightedness. Now, these seem like they've already ran their course. Oh my god. You know, these talks have Well, let me show you something cool. Over the past 30 years, this is what happened with Apple. Apple in 2004 was $1.15. Two years later it has 3xed. Another two years it has 6x. Another two years it has 9x. Another five years it is now 30x from $1.15. And right now it is 200x of $1.15. So just to give you a taste of how a stock that is a generational game changer like Apple behaves over the course of three decades in the stock market, it's going to do this and this and this and this and this over the course of 30 years. And every time for the people who don't understand it and refuse to do actual research and work, it would seem just too expensive. People who set out this are not going to buy here. They're going to say, "Well, the stock is already 6x from just four years ago. Four years ago, it was a dollar. Now it's $6. It's too expensive. It's too expensive. I'm not getting it anywhere near this." Remember Tesla and then Crowd Strike up 5x. And then right here, no, just six years ago, it was nine times cheaper. Why would I buy that? That's Palanteer. This is Palanteer today. They're right here. But from this point to this point, there's still a lot of money to be made. Now, look, I don't know how long this is going to take. And I don't know, of course, if this in fact is going to happen, I'm making no guarantees in this video because I absolutely don't know. There's a lot of risks with investing and any stock can go to zero. But if Palunteer is on this level, if Nvidia is at this level, if Tesla's on this level, if Crowdstrike is on this level, like I believe they do, well, we're here or here 5x or 10x, still a lot of room to grow. Now, if you look at the development of the world over the next 10, 20 years, what's going to happen, right? We're going to have a lot of AI and big data demand. It's going to explode. It's going to scale. We're going to have a lot of demand for cyber security because of all this expansion and all this AI getting absolutely intertwined in everything we do. We have a lot of applications is going to be rolled out using AI, personal assistance and robotics and vehicles, self-driving vehicles and we're going to have an a lot of different operating systems. They're going to be operating all this AI whether it's in business in your life personally etc etc. All of this is yet to be priced in into the stock market. All of this is the future bro. This is the next 20 years and yet very little of this is already priced in into Palunteer, Nvidia, Tesla and Crowdstrike. Look at the demand for semiconductors. Let's talk about that. Right. So with semiconductors, right, machine learning is just getting crazier and crazier. Correct. Correct. It's going to get more complicated, more elaborate. Demand for semiconductors is going to go up. Telecom is getting more complex. That's going to need more semiconductors. We have data center and cloud becoming even bigger and bigger and bigger every single year. And of course, edge computing is going to explode out of the shadowsphere. All these things mean that Nvidia is going to pump out a lot of chips over the next 20 years. Now, if you take a look at the flip side of that, what about robotics, right? Well, we have labor shortages already happening in many Western countries, right? Demographics, people are getting older. People don't want to do risky jobs, hard labor, they don't want to do dangerous jobs. Self-driving is becoming a standard. People really don't want to drive everyday work and stay in traffic. Plus the skills we need from AI and the things they AIdriven applications can do with robotics is absolutely insane. But on top of it all, it's all about the Benjamins. It's all about the Benjamins, folks. Because at the end of the day, this thing is going to revolutionize the way factories work, the way we produce things. You have an employee that does not sleep, does not go to the toilet, does not get horny, does not get sick, does not play hookie, and does the job to perfection every single time 247. And it cost a fraction of what a human is going to cost to do that. That is going to be massive. And if you think that Tesla is a car manufacturer, you better look again at what they're actually building. This human robotics is the next wave. and Tesla is going to be at the forefront of it and a lot of investors going to miss out on it but that's okay they always do and then of course we have security and the escalating threats that this whole environment is going to create right we're going to have cloud adoption out of the wazoo everybody's on the cloud right now that means more risk more exposure remote work e-commerce pleasure internet of things connected devices AIdriven threats that we have not even understood yet unknown unknowns all of this will be have to beed addressed and it has to be addressed by a company like Crowdstrike, a company that's based on AIdriven cyber security. And of course, what about Palanteer folks? Well, look at the stuff we're have on the screen right now. The volume of data is going to increase like crazy. The variety of the data is going to increase like crazy. We have a thousand different LLMs that are becoming a commodity. All of this thing has to be compliant in every single country. The cost have to be reasonable because right now using AI is very expensive. You have compatibility issues. You have privacy issues, safety issues, speed of decision-m and of course all of this will have to be performed in one software that can work in any industry in any country and be compliant, be fast and be cheap. There's only one company that has a solution that's Palanteer. And unfortunately, again, a lot of people will miss out on that because they're too busy about the narrative and what mainstream media is telling you about Palunteer. Now, I want to own number ones. If I understand that cyber security, semiconductors, AI and big data and human robotics will be dominating over the next 20 years, I want to own the number one business in every single one of these industries. I want to own the top dog. That's I don't want to own number two. I want to own Palunteer. I want to own Tesla. I want to own Nvidia. And I want to own Grass Strike. These are the companies going to lead. I want to be number one in every single industry and make that 20 year gain. Now, all of this requires patience because Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, all of them had major pullbacks over the past 25, 30 years. And at times, it seemed like a bad idea. We're talking about a 20year game, not a two-year game, not a five-year game. This video is about the next 20 years. May, you know, may not be for everyone, but it is what it is. This is not a trade, and this is not a swing trade, and this is not a five-year plan. This is a 20-year plan we're talking about here. Now, what I want to show you here is if you invest in any of these companies, the next 12 months might look like that. There's a good chance that the next 12 months look like that. You invest here or here or here. And then you end the year right here when it would suck and it would seem like the worst idea ever. The problem is that all of these big companies that have done this over the past 30 years have had years like this, even worse. Amazon, I think, dropped 90% at some point. But when you do this and you look at the 20-year chart, this year is right here, and the rest of the chart looks like this. So, I advise you not to focus on this, but rather to focus on this. The 20-year chart looks like this. People will be selling right here and right here and right here. They'll be selling because they're too shortsighted. Now, the way you want to approach this, every single year, this is a 12-month chart, right? In every 12-month chart, we're going to pull up of a company, most likely barring exceptional years where the stock market goes crazy like over the past two years, which are anomaly. I promise you 2023 2024 are anomalies. Most years are going to look like this for your stocks. If you invest in Palunteer and Tesla, Nvidia and Crowd Strike, most years 12 months are going to look like this. It's going to go up. It's going to go down. It's going to up. It's going to go down. What you do in order to create a low cost basis in these stocks over the next 20 years is continuously buy at all times. Buy when it's up, buy when it's down. buy X when it's up and buy 2x when it's down. And that way when you look back 20 years, your cost basis is a lot closer to the bottom without timing the market even once and without spending huge amounts of money to invest because you invest a little bit of money every single month. And I get a lot of questions about that and people say, "Well, Tom, how do you always have money to double down? And how do you always have money to darkest average? We're not rich. That's the lie you've been told, folks. You have been told the lie that you got to be rich to do this. In order to do this, you do not have to be rich. You can do this if you earn 50 or five or 500,000. It does not matter. It's all about the system. It's not about the money. We actually teach you a system of how to invest and always have money to double down at all times, non-stop, no matter how much income you're generating. Actually, you teach this system in our academy. Head on over to patreon.com/tomash. We have 50 lessons on how to do this properly, how to analyze, how to invest, how to double down, how to always make sure you got money to double down. I would love to educate you. I would love to take you out of the spin cycle of mainstream media and all over social media that's confusing you and making you emotional. And I would love for you to join us for the next 20 years so we can make generational money without timing the market, without panic, with zero emotions. Join us. Join our 20 almost 20,000 members right now in the academy. Would love to see you there. I hope this video is helpful. If you have any questions, post them below in the comments. I'll do my best to reply to any of you. Thank you so much. I'll see you next one. is.