============================================================
Video: 4yZo_4p6tvo
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a TESLA shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-07-11
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4883
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:13.953587
============================================================

So Tesla is currently down 23% for the past six months and a lot of people are freaking out. They aren't sure about what happens next with Tesla because they're looking at social media and they're seeing Elon Musk essentially beefing with Donald Trump after going to bed with him politically. Of course, now they're talking about the Epstein files, the big beautiful bill, the EV tax credit. Elon is actually starting his own political party right now. And now everybody hates Elon, both the Democrats and the Republicans. A lot of chaos. We have sales numbers from the automotive sector essentially dropping and people are saying look should we get out of Tesla. Tesla is basically plummeting. Elen's going crazy. He doesn't have even have more time. But he's still taking on more project now this new political party and Twitter and Ulink and SpaceX and Starlink and then his 57 kids and 47 ex-wives. And now we have Den Ies essentially one of the greatest bulls of Tesla in modern history talking smack about Elon saying things have to change and then Elon firing back. We have all sorts of analysts basically all saying either sell or hold is probably the most optimistic you will find right now in social media. And yet I'm standing here today telling you I have never in my life been more bullish about this stock. Never. Never. Never. This is one of the greatest buy the dip moments in history. And it's comical to me how little people can actually identify that because every time this happened in history, I'm going to show you all the instances. It's the same playbook again and again. The minority that gets it gets rich and the majority that basically bets against the company because of short-term noise loses out misses out on one of the greatest opportunities of our lifetime. Now, I said it and I'm not ashamed of it. Basically, the speed at which a long-term so-called long-term investors become scared little batches is actually pretty comical to me. And Tesla is a good example of that. Sure, they're down 23% of the past six months. I get that. And again, it's not pleasant to see that. I get that as well. But that's not how you analyze stocks, folks. Now, we added Tesla a while back to our top stocks list in the academy on pat.com/tomash. We actually added it back in 2020 right here, and the share price was $144. It's currently at 323. So, we're up $125%. And basically, we're not different than most Tesla investors of the past 5 years who just held on and didn't really pay attention to the noise, right? We have a price target of $1,400 in the academy which means from the current 300 that's another 4x 5x from here give or take a lot of money to be made in my opinion and in the community we actually explain this on patreon.com if you go to the academy we have a full deep dive on Tesla a full two-hour deep dive where we break out everything and anything that can happen with Tesla all the scenarios all the technology everything that's in the academy if you want to go deeper but I don't think you should if you just want short answer, but basically what's going on with Tesla and whether you should hold, sell, or double down. I think this video is going to be enough for you. Don't join us for that. So, kind of let's go to the basics, right? So, this is not our first rodeo with Tesla, right? Tesla was literally on the brink of bankruptcy in 2017 or at least very close to that. The Twitter purchase basically broke a lot of bulls. Let's put it this way. a lot of so-called bulls of Tesla after the acquisition of Twitter. They were very skeptical of Elon Musk and his ability to juggle both Tesla and Twitter and we had the compensation issue with the litigation in Delaware. A lot of chaos surrounded this company, surrounded this stock over the past five years. This ain't the first time that we're seeing controversy and yet people refuse to take a look at history just to see what usually happens. So over the past six years, Tesla dropped 50% or more three times. Okay? The first time was in 2017. For two years, the stock kept on dropping for two freaking years. Can you imagine that? That's not easy. A 54% decline over 24 months. From September 2017, where it started at $24, it eventually plummeted all the way down to $13. And people were saying, "RIP, it's finished. It's gone." all the explanations in the world, all the thesis in the world explaining to you that this 13 get out while you can before it's too late. And yet we are 20x since that moment in six years. Okay, so in hindsight, I think that 2017 to 2019 was a terrific buy the dip moment. I think we can all agree to that, right? And yet most people refuse to do that and they refuse to look at it as a business decision and they look at it as an emotional decision. whether this noise is that important or not. I'm going to explain in this video. I'm going to show you how to kind of disengage from the noise and judge a company by its fundamentals, by its business. And I'm not here to say that Tesla doesn't have issues on the business side. Of course, they do. But the focus should be that and not short-term noise. Again, in 2020, similar thing happened. We dropped 60%. We actually hit $30 in April of 2020 and then more than 10x in 5 years since that point. Again, in hindsight, this was another buy the dip moment. And we can do this all day. Again, this happened in 2022. The stock actually dropped 74%. 74%. Again, two years the stock is dropping. Everybody's saying, "Oh my god, it's over. The naysayers are out of the basically out of their mind. We drop all the way to 113." 113 from about 400. Okay. And then two and a half years later, we're 3x on the stock. Again, in hindsight, this was yet again another buy the dip moment. So, I just showed you three times over the past six years where buying the dip on Tesla noise proved to be a smart business decision. I think that in itself should serve as a calming kind of agent to you to just relax and start looking at the business because this by all means doesn't guarantee you that Tesla is going to do that again but it basically shows you that if the business is good enough the short-term noise always loses to the fundamentals. So the question should be how good is the business? Okay. So when in doubt zoom out you know this famous phrase right? The one quote I know that's not by Warren Buffett, right? So, as I said before, three times in six years we have done this and we basically made a lot of money. A lot of portfolios were destroyed in that time. A lot of people got to celebrate short term. But guess what? In six years, we have a 20x return on this. Even though people said it's time to pull out the red flag, sorry, the white flag. And essentially Tesla always does this thing where I listed it at the bottom. They always punish the speculators and the traders and they always reward the long-term holders. This is always the same story with Tesla again and again. Now in our case, right, I do want to warn you if you are an active trader in this market, then by all means Tesla is probably not a good place to be. It's absolutely erratic. It's all over the place. It is insanely unpredictable. Elon Musk can do crazy things in the short term as a trader. This stock is probably not great for you, right? Because you can actually lose your pants with this stock. It can drop 50% two months, right? I do expect in the short term the erratic pattern to continue here. Okay? I don't think it stops. I think Elon still continues to be Elon. And I think with the whole thing that we have going on right now, all of these things are going to continue. Elim is not going to shut up. I mean, you can't expect them to. It's not in his persona, right? The Chinese EVs are not slowing down. They will continue to grab market share. You have loss of tax credits in the United States of $7,500, which is going to impact sales for sure. And you have potential regulatory push back against FSD and robo taxi now that Elen and Trump are not best friends anymore, right? But all of these things are irrelevant because as long as the long-term horizon investor for the five plus years horizon, none of this slows you down. None of this eliminates the factors at which Tesla can do another 3x from here. And I'm going to show you in this video exactly how. For traders, this is killer. Okay, this is destructive. For long-term investors, what matters is the execution on the core growth engines of the stock. Okay, this is the only thing that matters. Now, in our case, the next logical question should be, okay, Tom, so what do you mean? What are these uh growth engines of the stock? Well, I'm glad you asked. Okay, so as we go into a lot of short-term setbacks for Tesla, right, a lot of challenges, right? We're going to see sales decline obviously both because the Chinese manufacturers getting in reputational damage loss of EV credit right of course right Elon's limited bandwidth is going to be a topic of discussion right now he has a new political party which is even less time to spend on Tesla and for you the long-term investor the only question is not how bad these are going to get is a whole different question is how will these 1 2 3 four going to impact the long-term growth engines of the stock for the next 5 to 10 years. That is the question. Now, in the case of Tesla, there really only two scenarios, folks. It's not that complicated. In fact, it's quite simple, right? Either we have short-term issues Tesla to the point where it cannot go on anymore and then we lose our money and it goes to zero. Certainly an option, right? Or we have a second option which is short-term noise is not significant and the stock does another 3x in five years or this or this. It's a completely binary scenario. So whatever the case may be as you can see short-term noise has nothing to do with it. It's all about execution. It's all about the ability to deliver on the promise. None of these other things matter. Now, the real question here should be, can these short-term issues actually Tesla? Right? So, I think that the answer is no. And I've listed seven kind of factors why I think that these cannot slow down Tesla. And I'm going to go one through one. Okay. So, number one, I think Elon has proven to thrive in adversity. I think he does best when he's with his back against the wall. I think that Tesla's growth is absolutely in self-driving, in robotics, energy, and it's not in selling vehicles, per se. Okay. Regardless, still, as it stands, Tesla has the best EV margins in the United States, probably in the West, and they're the only ones who can actually match up with the Chinese on margin and efficiency. So they can still make money off of EVs unlike other manufacturers in the west, right? And as EV penetration is still early, more money to be made in EVs, even if Tesla may not be number one anymore, maybe not even number two, but they're still going to have a big piece of the pie. And a lot of people are saying, "Well, Tom, the political headwinds that Elon is facing right now, they're significant, and I get it. But look, political headwinds, they change mighty fast. In fact, they might change in two weeks." And what about robot taxis and FSD? Well, maybe the regulatory constraints we're talking about right now, they slow it down. But never ever ever in the history of mankind, we had technology not happen because of regulatory constraints. It just doesn't happen. Eventually, this is going to happen. It may be slow down. It's not stopping it, right? None of these, okay, are at all even relevant to human robotics and energy, which is another one and two major growth engines of Tesla, which none of these things have to do with. And on top of this, the lead in FSD for Tesla over everybody else right now, is not just monopolistic, I'm going to call it comical. Nobody is catching Tesla and FSD in in autonomous driving. So, all of these factors show me that as it stands today, the noise is real, but the impact on the actual long-term growth engines of Tesla is non-existent. And that's why I'm not going to focus on that. I acknowledge the fact that Elon is Tesla for all test purposes. I get it, right? So, as this guy is volatile, he loves drama. We know that, right? So, we know that short-term drama is going to be part of his life, which means short-term drama is going to be part of Tesla's life. It's just the way it's going to go. It doesn't change the long-term lead that these three factors provide to Tesla. FSD, robotics, and energy. Tesla is absolutely killing it in all three. Now, they're still going to sell a lot of EVs, and as I said before, the total addressable market for EVs is actually still growing. And even if the Chinese actually, you know, take a huge chunk of the business, Tesla is still going to sell EVs for the next 5, 10 years anyways, which is just an added bonus on top of the other stuff they're doing. And I think people are actually mistaking looking at Tesla as, oh, auto first and then everything else second. No, no, no. Everything else first. Auto is kind of ancillary, kind of the chair on top. Now, if you look at the 2025 Q1 automotive numbers, yikes, not great. We have revenue decline. We have gross profit margin decline, operating margin decline. The numbers from Q1 were not great, right? I get it. I get it. But look at the energy sales up 70%. Services up 17%. Right now, even with all of this insanity, and I know it sucks, right? But Tesla still had a $20 billion sales quarter. The most horriblest, the most nasty quarter of Tesla. They still had a 20 billion sales quarter with all of this, which I think shows you what Tesla can do in what you would say a good quarter, right? So, let's move on to the next page. Okay. So, the financial health is where I'd start when I would be looking at a company saying, well, how good or how bad things are? Because a lot of people love this narrative right now that Tesla is in the toilet. Well, Tesla not exactly in the toilet to be honest. $ 37 billion of cash versus 13 billion of debt. So, we got 3x more cash than that. So, we had 27 billion just a year ago. So, they added $10 billion of cash of the past year. Free cash flow. Sure, the sales numbers are not great, but free cash flow is up 400% over the past 12 months. Okay. We went from 1.4 4 billion to 7 billion in 12 months on free cash flow. That's actual cash flow going into company's bank accounts. Okay? So, lots of cash, little debt, lots of cash flow, and zero freaking trouble. This is one of the cleanest setups you will find in the stock market. Whether you're going to be looking at a value play or a growth play, it doesn't matter. You're not going to find a lot of companies with massive free cash flow, lots of cash, little debt. And all of this is while the stock is dropping like a stone right now, 23% of the past six months. It's insane. Now, I actually ran the stock through the stock MVP scorecard, stock-b.com. You can run it yourself. This is the legacy scorecard we have. And with Tesla, we only have two losses of points here. So we got 85 out of 100 and where Tesla loses points is in two places here, right? So the max score is 100, right? We've got 85. Why? Well, the P ratio is above 30. Anything above 30 is a zero. So basically Tesla is 4 P is like 95, right? The second thing is the margin. So the margin dropped and because the margin dropped, so the score dropped from 90 to 85. So Tesla has a margin problem and it has a valuation problem according to the scorecard. But 85 out of 100. This is one of the best scores we have seen on stock MVP. 85 is considered an elite company. Okay. So what I've done here I actually ran it through the newer scorecard which I've built my new 125 point scorecard and I've detailed everything here. You can guys you can you look at it later but basically we only scored 95 out of 125. Okay. Now 95 out of 125 is not a great score. Anything below 100 I usually don't like. Okay. And I've highlighted where they lost points here. Right? So they lost points on revenue growth on operating margin and on revenue growth versus operating expenses growth. scalability. Now, here's the thing. This 95 turns to 125 once Tesla does one thing, which is generate more revenue. If they generate more revenue, the margins go up. The revenue growth versus expenses go up. Essentially, all of this gap right here from 95 to 125 has to do with one thing and one thing only, which is revenue. If Tesla can generate more revenue, this becomes 125. And the reason they're not generating more revenue right now is because they're literally transitioning from auto vehicles, auto vehicles, from auto sales and vehicle sales to FSD, robot taxi, and energy. Okay? And this transition is going to hurt your revenues. It is what it is. But eventually, this transition is either going to happen or it's not. And if it is actually happening, then this score becomes 125 in a heartbeat. So, I'm not too stressed about this scorecard, but I do want to show you that not everything is peachy. Sometimes things don't look great and we have to acknowledge it, right? We're not going to be shoe record coding something just because it needs to fit a certain narrative. It's not not how I do business, right? So really this is the only thing that can happen. So for the next 24 months, this is the possibility of Tesla, right? Tesla either shows major progress in human robotics and full self-driving in robot taxi and it continues to go crazy with energy. In this case, we get new all-time highs within the next 24 months. Okay, scenario number one, chef's kiss. But I'm going to argue that scenario number two is even better. In scenario number two, specifically 2.1, nothing happens for the next 24 months, right? Maybe they still do energy well, but we don't get anything from robotics. We don't get anything from full self driving, from robot taxis, and the stock plummets to new lows. Absolute massive share price decline. Okay? And then they come out with the technology with robotics, with FSD, with robot taxi proper. And then the stock actually goes to new highs in year three, four and five. So basically two years of a decline and then a three, four, five year of a massive new all-time high. This, in my mind, is a better scenario because in this scenario, we get to buy the dip a lot more aggressively like we did with Palanteer in 2022. Of course, I'm not going to be rooting for either. I'm not predicting. I'm just preparing. Of course, there's scenario 2.2 and that is the worst case scenario. So if Tesla actually does not deliver on the technology and they fail to execute then the stock goes to zero and everybody loses money right but that's a given with any stock with any technology so the question has to be about the technology because if the only thing that's going to determine here how the stock is going to either make us rich or lose our pants is the technology right so the only question the only question you need to be asking yourself the only question is how good are their chances to execute on the promised technology. Everything else does not matter. That's the only question. And let's answer this question. So, as far as energy goes, right, with energy, I think it's the easiest part. We have 70% increase in sales the past year, 150% increase in deployments. It is industry standard. The mega pack is an industry standard. Power walls in massive demand. I wish they've made more of them. It's just this is a bandwidth issue. solar and power walls. Internal grid can be a trillion dollar business in itself, but that's kind of getting ahead of the game. I think energy by 2035 is a $1 trillion business on its own. Okay, next FSD and robo taxi absolute insanity. So FSD supervised already launched in China. The Austin robo taxi was an A+ event. Current FSD users are basically raving about this being the best thing since sliced bread. People calling it essentially sci-fi, right? The advantage is huge and it's growing. So Tesla is miles ahead and it's running faster than everybody else. Right? Once this is solved, there's going to be zero incentive for any other OEM in the world to chase this and spend money and time on this because you just will be paying royalties, license fees to Tesla. And Tesla will be making money off of every single car in the world that's being sold. 85% gross margin and recurring revenues. It's going to be basically a quasi monopoly in FSD, not to mention robo taxi in itself. Each FSD and robot taxi each is a trillion in itself, right? If they can execute by 2030, trillion and trillion each. Next, we got human robotics. So, this is the biggest secular trend in history. I think human robotics is going to be the most revolutionary thing that we ever seen. Optimus 3 production is going to start this year. It's going to be a hundred billion dollar market by 2030. A much much bigger market by 2035. I don't even want to say number. Factory, work, logistics, services, personal use. I mean, Tesla has the money, 37 billion, the talent, top tier talent. They crazy co to actually pursue this. And they will win this race because look, they've got the battery experience, electric engines, sensors, AI, manufacturing, scalability, supply chains globally. They have everything it takes. Nobody can match them, right? And they will actually launch the Senoro factories. They'll show it. They'll show, hey, this is a proof of concept. It works. And then they're going to either do direct sales or licensing fees or some sort of license deals or leases. But again, robotics 2035, another trillion dollar business. Okay, this is what's going on with us right now. This is the business and this is the price over the past six months. So, the business is getting better because people are looking at the wrong thing. It's not about the cars, but the price is dropping 23% over the past six months because people are looking at the cars instead of the real business. But the valuation, Tom, what about the valuation? I mean, it's a company that's trading at 100 forward PE. It's not cheap. I mean, this is an expensive stock, right? I get it. But when you're buying a premium product, you're going to be paying a premium price. A lot of people don't think that Tesla is premium and that's fine by me. But if you can identify as premium, the premium price makes sense to me. A company that sets on every single secular trend for the next 10 years, robotics, FSD, robo taxis, energy, AI, AGI, and then you have the car, the EV business as a chair and top. I think it's absolutely a no-brainer. But hey, this is a decision that you got to make. It's a premium for a reason. If you don't think it's premium for the business purposes, don't buy it. Okay? Now, a lot of people going to tell you Elen bad, Elan bad, Elen bad, that's temporary. Every time he solves something, they talk about how great it is. Then they go back to Elen Bad again until he solves the next problem, right? I think that a lot of people are scaring you about Chinese EV manufacturers taking over the world. That's good for Tesla. If the Chinese auto manufacturers take over, this is the best case scenario for Tesla because the Chinese EV manufacturers are not at all chasing FSD at all. They don't have full self-driving. They know they're going to buy it from Elan Musk. So for him, these are clients. Oh, Donald Macro can really bring down Tesla. Sure, it can, but no bare market in America lasts more than, you know, 10 to 12 months on average. And who cares long term? Now, this is the one thing I want you guys to understand. Peter Lynch, who's one of the best investors in the world, one of my favorites, always has this very famous saying, never too late to buy a great business. B business, notice how it doesn't say stock. Okay? If it's a good business, if it's a good company, if it has good fundamentals, the fact that it's trading at a premium does not matter long term. That's what Peter Lynch has been saying. That's what I'm saying. And the bottom line is very simple, folks. As I said, Tesla is on every single secular trend you can think of. They have top tier talent. They have a top three CEO in the world. Wall Street never understood Tesla. They will never understand Tesla. That's fine. I don't care. You shouldn't care either. I think near-term pricing pressure is real. I think the stock is going to do some really nasty stuff over the next year or two. I think traders should be careful here. Okay. But I think long-term investors, okay, are looking at the 5 to 10 year horizon, looking at the business, looking at the development, looking at the lead Tesla has in each of these categories. It's hard not to think of Tesla as one of the most revolutionary, one of the craziest, one of the most lucrative buy moments right now for the next 10 years. And that is why I always say that, right, the risk is real, but it has a huge upside. That is why I personally have never been more bullish on Tesla. Now, I do want to offer you a chance to join their academy. A place where we talked about Tesla five years ago, 120% ago. A place where we talk about Nvidia four years ago. A place where we talk about Palunteer at $6. A place where people learn how to become real long-term investors, not gamblers. People learn how to do this the right way. They see results. They get better. They get less stress. They actually become better investors for the long haul. If you want to become a better investor, if you want to get out of the rat race and stop chasing your own tail after every negative headline and you want to get access to one of the best communities in finance, deep dives on major stocks and myself included, which is something you have access once you join the academy. You can DM me on Patreon and I always reply to everybody else. patreon.com/tomash. Join the academy tier ro academy. Would love to see you there. Again, it's risk- free. If you're not in absolute awe of this and you're not loving this, 30 days money back guarantee. You can feel safe to test it out for 29 days. If you don't like the academy, money back, no questions asked. Thank you so much. I'll see you next one. Peace.