============================================================
Video: CnLz3A11NCQ
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a PALANTIR shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-07-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3420
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:45.660426
============================================================

So, as Palanteer is about to hit $160 per share, I have taken some time off my vacation. I'm actually in Bangkok in Thailand. And I want to talk to you guys because I think it's important somebody has an honest, mature, nuanced conversation with the Palunteer retail investing community because I want you guys to succeed. I want you guys to do well. I'm never going to sugarcoat anything. I'm never going to be playing the tunes that I think you want to hear like a good friend. I'm here to tell you what you need to hear, not what you want to hear. Now, just to kind of set the record straight, I'm a huge believer in giving back, right? If Palunteer has changed so many lives, myself included, my community included, it has transformed the way people think about the entire retail investing community. All of a sudden, Wall Street understands that sometimes retail gets it better, right? Palanteer is a prime example of that and I do believe we as a community we owe a lot to Palunteer and we'll be there to watch its back if the feet hit the shin for for sure. Having said that, I think a lot of people who have started investing over the past few years, I'm saying 2023 and onwards, they assume that whatever it is that's been going on with the share price over the past 2 years can just continue indefinitely and we're just going to write it out in a linear fashion all the way from 160 to 500. Now, I'm here to tell you that's not going to happen, folks. Unfortunately, I wish this would be the case, but it's not. There's 600 PE, 300 forward PE. This cannot last. It's not going to be sustainable over the short term. A palunteer correction is not just probable. It is inevitable. It's not about if. It's about when. Now, it's not going to surprise me if it happens in two days, two weeks, two months, a year, two years. I don't have any way to time and to predictly predict when this is going to happen, right? I don't know what predictly predict means. I think I meant precisely predict. Right. What we need here is either crystal ball delorean with 1.1 gawatt from the film back to the future or some sort of a contraption where we can travel in time and see. But since none of us are time travelers, there is no way for us to know when this inevitable corruption is going to happen because the corrections, they're not a bug. They're a feature of the system. And the pudding proves that. If you look at what Palanteer has done over the past few years, you'll see how the cycle played itself out already once and it's going to do it again and then again and again and again the same way it's been doing for the past 100 years. If you look at Palunteer, it launched with a lot of hype in 2020. It rode all the way up to 2021 from $10 to $40. Then the crash happened and for one year we went from $40 to $6. And then the new hype cycle started. We're now from six all the way to 150. And then at some point the hype cycle is going to end and the stock is going to correct again and the cycle is going to keep repeating itself because even great generational stocks like Palanteer and I'll talk about why I think Palanteer is going to be the most important software company in the world in about 5 years that even companies like this they're not immune to the life cycle of how stocks behave in the short term. Nothing is linear when everybody is playing by the same rules. Palunteer ain't no different. So the shakeoff is coming. If you think this is going to last to infinity, it's not. The stock is going to correct. The price is going to correct at some point the bubble is going to pop and then punt going to shrink and then a new hype cycle will start etc etc. In the short term as Benjamin Graham wisely put it, the stock market is a voting machine. Everybody now is loving Palunteer. The sentiment is great. Everybody's piling into Palunteer. However, that voting can change real quick. If we have a bad sentiment or bad macro or something happens that doesn't fit the narrative, everybody will be running away like mice from a drowning ships or rats. Was it mice? I don't know, but you get the point, right? And then there's, you know, like we've seen it just in February. In February, we had a 50% drop in Palunteer share price almost instantaneously, right? But that shouldn't scare you as a long-term investor. If you are trading and you're a swing trader, obviously that's a huge issue that you have to be concerned about. But as a long-term investor, and I'm here to explain this, it's not really a point of concern to you. And I'll explain why. So, as a long-term investor, you understand that you're going to have a lot of volatility with a stock like Palanteer, a lot of volatility with a stock like Tesla. It's a very volatile, unpredictable short-term behavior. But as also Benjamin Grand once put it, the best friend of a phenomenal business is time. So if you just give it enough time, the market is going to correct back whatever shakeoffs happen and the stock price will eventually go higher and higher and higher. It just doesn't happen in a linear fashion. Instead of doing this, it's going to do this. Okay, we know that. We as experienced investor have seen it so many times before. We don't get scared when this happens. Okay, a lot of you have started investing in 23, 24 in the past 2, 3 years and it's going to scare you when that happens because it feels like this is the end of the world. The media is going to change soon right away because the media just wants headlines in your attention. They're going to be panicking and basically telling you to sell and a lot of investors will sell at the bottom. They'll take a 70% loss and then they say, "Well, I can't take that anymore." And then they'll sell, which is something that happens every single cycle. Okay. So, how do you as a long-term Palunteer fan and as a long-term Palanteer believer, how do you handle this? Okay, so number one, I just want to point out that if you're not a Palunteer hardcore believer, if you haven't built a strong thesis in Palunteer, if you don't have the foundational understanding of why you think this is the most important company in the making in the world, why this is like a Microsoft level company in even potentially bigger. If you don't have that, but you accidentally stumbled ass backwards into this great investment which basically gave you all this money. Well, you have two options here. You either can build conviction now before the stock does the correction or you can get out because you can say, well, look, I don't have conviction. If this thing plummets, I don't have any tools that will help me to hold on to this when it drops. Right? So, you can either build conviction now or you can get out. These are two options. You certainly don't want to be trying to build conviction as the stock is plummeting downwards. I mean, it's like trying to game plan for a fight when you're already being shot at, right? You'll probably better game planning before you go outside and you go to the battlefield, right? Same thing here. While things are good, when the stock's still flying high, this is the time to think, look, I don't know anything about the stock. I bought because everybody were buying it. It did whatever percent it did. Should I stay or should I leave? Let's think about it. Do you want to put in the effort and learn about this company and build conviction? That's option one. Maybe you say, "Well, I had my profits. I don't know what's going to happen. I'm just going to sell out." Also fine, right? So, that's for you who don't know anything about the stock and you just bought accidentally. If you're a long-term investor in Palunteer and you have the conviction and you've been following the stock for years and you know all about AIP and the boot camps and you love Alex Karp and Sham Sankar, you think the team is phenomenal. The product literally sells itself. it is a monopoly in the AI world on the software side and you think about the company like that well you also have two options option number one you can just hold on to dear life and just say look I'm invested for the next 15 years see you in 2040 I don't care what happens from here to 2040 right a lot of people that I know did this with Microsoft and Apple for decades and it rewarded them for the most part right why would I say for the most part I think it rewarded them point blank period But it's not a journey that's suitable for every single person out there. And I'll explain. If you go right now and you hang out on on on the harbor, right, and a captain with a with a tuna fishing captain comes in and says, "Look, we're going out to the sea to fish for tuna in Alaska. It's a very hard work. It pays very well, right? pays very well, but it's not for everyone. It's very vicious. You're not going to see your family for a while. It's very rough conditions. You don't get a lot of sleep. It's very dangerous, etc., etc., right? But it pays really well. So, if people are standing on the shoreline saying, "Well, should I do this?" Okay. I would say that about 80% of us are not suitable for that work, myself included. I am not stupid enough to go on a tuna fishing vessel in Alaska. I know that that's not for me. I know I'm not going to be able to survive that. That's not something that I'm able to do. So even though the money is great, I'm still going to be honest with myself gonna say, "Look, it's not for me." Right? There's probably about 20% of people in the world, maybe less, that are suitable for that who's going to come on that boat, just going to, you know, hunker down, do the work, get paid, and just say, "Hey, just another Tuesday." Okay. The majority are not like that. Okay? So in the world of Palunteer, there's two types of investors. They're the tuna fishermen who don't care. They're just going to hold on for the next 20 years. They don't care about the volatility. They couldn't care less. And then the people who are normal people who actually get concerned when the share price drops by 30, 40, 50, 60%. Who people who freak out. People who that impacts their mental well-being every day kind of feeling. And that's okay. Most people don't like to see 60 70% drops in their portfolio. I mean, you'd have to be a lunatic psychopath to not be emotionally distressed when you see that happen, right? And if you're not part of the tuna fisherman group, if you're not part of that 20% that can do it, that can live through that volatility and just absolutely say, "I don't care. Just not Tuesday, there's no shame in that. Most people cannot, and that's fine." Instead of pretending that you're an NBA player, instead of pretending that you have a 45 inch vert, instead of pretending that you can be a tuna fisherman, just say, "Look, I'm going to be honest with myself here. A lot of volatility in Palader isn't going to do me good. I'm going to be distressed. I'm going to be stressed. I'm going to be an to my friends and my family. I'm going to be worried. I'm not going to sleep well. I'm not going to eat well. I'm going to be, you know, to enjoy anything. And it might take a whole year until the stock corrects again. Maybe six months, 12 months, 18 months." Instead of going through all of that, I can trim a little bit right now. When the stock is the 160, I can sell 10%, 20%, 30%. And then if the stock drops, I can sit back and say, "Guys, I actually sold the third. So, I'm good. Whatever happens, I already took profits on the third that position, which means that I'm protected. I bought insurance. I can rest easy." and you still have 70% of your current investment in play. Which means if the stock accidentally goes to 170, 180, 190, 200, 250, who knows when it stops before it corrects, then you say, well, 70% of my investment is still riding, so I'm enjoying the benefit. So, this is kind of a win-win for you. And that's okay, even if you already trimmed. Some people have trimmed at 90. Some people have trimmed at 100. Some people trimmed at 120. It's okay to trim multiple times. 10% there, 10% there, 20% there, 20% there. It's okay. It's okay to trim and then to take that money, put it on the sideline, and then slowly deploy it back DCA the little piece every once in a while back into Palunteer. So, let's say you have a million dollars of possession right now. You sell 200,000 and then you use that 200,000 to slowly DCA to Palanteer the next two years. And then you relax if something happens. But if it flies up, you still have 800,000 playing. So, you're fine, right? For those of you who are real legit to the fisherman, I salute you. I think you guys are awesome. I'm uh very very proud of you. For you, you shouldn't sell. For you, you should just stay there and, you know, just say, "Look, I'll see you in 2040, folks." Some people that I've talked to basically saying, "Look, I'm not going to sell these stocks. I'm going to this is going to be my inheritance. Apparently, it's going to be my inheritance to my kids. I don't plan to sell this ever, right? And that's okay, too. I mean, we all have different preferences. We're all different people. If that's the case, that's the case. Now, whatever it is you are, be honest with yourself. Don't lie to yourself. And then plan accordingly now before the the feet hit the sh before it's too late to plan ahead. When you're ready in the spin cycle of the market craziness, it's going to be too late to think about these things because you're going to be emotionally compromised. Think about it now. Now again, it doesn't take away anything from your long-term thesis. It doesn't make you less of a long-term investor if you trim a little bit now and take some cash. You can still remain a long-term investor and DCN to Palanteer and believe that Palanteer is going to be the best, biggest, most important software company in the world and still trim a little bit right now for insurance and for risk management because at the end of the day, you want to be a grown-up. You want to be somebody who's not just yoloing and saying, "I don't care." And then when it happens, it's really painful, right? Don't be brave now when things are hyped. You know, in times of uh bullish runs, people have this infinite uh time horizons on the investments and then when the feet hit the shin, all of a sudden the horizons, they really tend to shrink a lot. So, don't be honest with yourself. Okay. Now, again, I believe that Palanteer is going to be the world's most important software company. I think Nvidia and Palanteer are two of the world's biggest most important monopolies. Whoever wins the AI large language models war, whoever owns the AI generative space, they're going to have to work with Nvidia and Palanteer. I mean, there's no other place you you know, it's it's it's monopolies. You have AMD in the background a little bit with Nvidia, but Nvidia basically owns the chips, the hardware. Palanteer owns the operating system. They're really the only game in town that anybody's willing to play. So whoever wins, Palanteer and Nvidia sitting on the sideline being absolutely agnostic saying we don't care. Okay. So for that purpose, I'm extremely bullish on Palanteer. The product is unrivaled. There's nobody that comes close. The team is phenomenal. They have a top three CEO in the world right now with Alex Karp who I'm extremely bullish on. The product, the team, the mix, the strategy, the mission, and how important they are to the western side of of the story here. Because now you're seeing that Alex Karp was right about what's going on in the world. You know, he was talking about this 15 years ago, right? And on top of this, people were saying, well, Palanteer were investing for the commercial aspects, but I don't think none of us really realized how big the government side of things are going to be for Palanteer. We thought government is going to be phased out in favor of the commercial. But now with the AI arms race going on in the world between governments, all of a sudden the government side is pretty much set up to be just as big as the commercial side. So for Palanteer uh two three four trillion dollar valuation in 5 to 10 years is definitely within the realms of possibility and that's why I'm extremely bullish but I'm also responsible and I'm a grown-up and I can say look I don't I don't belong to a cult and I appreciate Paler and I'll protect it. I'll be thankful and I'll give back and because it changed my life but then again if I need to trim a little bit and buy some insurance sell 10 20% 30% and just protect myself against anything that may happen that's fine too. it doesn't make me, you know, less of a palunteer investor, less of a pilot enthusiast, a bull, whatever you want to call it, right? So, think long and hard how you want to deal with this before things start to basically get out of hand because when things start get out of hand, it's going to be very, very, very hard to think about these things because you're also going to be so distressed. The headlines and the media are going to be so out of control. It it's going to be like playing this game on extreme expert mode. Now, when you strategize, you can strategize on easy mode. Sit back, relax, and just have a plan. Why not? Now, if you want to have a clear plan for Palunteer as well as other stocks and be prepped for whatever's coming, join our academy, patreon.com/tomash. Join the REC Academy. We have 22,000 students. It is absolutely has been an incredible ride to teach you all investing and to make long-term investing cool again, which has always been my mission. and and I I can just tell you that look, I'm not going to give you stock picks if you join and maybe it's going to be too hard for you and that's fine as well. But if you actually are serious about committing to learning proper long-term investing, join the academy. I think you'll learn a lot. And as always, we have a 30-day money back guarantee. So, if it's not for you, it's not for you. There's no risk on you. You can join. I'll refund you if you don't like it for any reason. And I'll see you in the next one, folks. Thank you so much for hanging out with me. I'm going to go back to having fun in Bangkok. I'll see you next