============================================================
Video: DZ-QAEcR2QM
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Once in a Lifetime Investment Opportunity (Don’t Miss It)
Date: 2025-06-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4337
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:54.411447
============================================================

Ever notice how it feels that every time you buy a stock, it drops the next day and every time you sell a stock, it flies back up the next day right after you sell. Did you ever notice how incredibly unlucky you are? How much stupidity you must have in your brain to be this stupid to buy high and sell low? Well, folks, it's not about bad luck and it's definitely not about stupidity. It has nothing to do not with bad luck, not with stupidity. It's absolutely something else. Something entirely different that has nothing to do with either of these things. Okay. Now, you right now are here. You feel like you're being outsmarted by other investors. You feel like you're scared. You're anxious. You're confused. You're emotional. You are all over the place. I'm going to take you today from this point all the way to this point on this spectrum where you're confident, you're calm, and you are successful. It's all going to happen in today's video. There is no upsell. There is no course to buy to get this system. I'm giving everything away today for free A to Z. You're going to know everything by the time we're done here. In fact, you might want to hold off to the end of the video because I'm going to share some key insights that make this cheat code, which I'll teach you in a second, even better. I'm going to make it even on crack. Look, it's not just about making money. We're not here to do a good trade and just get lucky. It's about repeatability, folks. Repeatability makes money. We want to be able to do this again and again and again and again. We're not interested to go in a 50-50 game and gamble. We want to be able to make money every single day, which is exactly what top 1% investor have been doing for the past 50 years, taking retail investors like you to the slaughterhouse every single day. And they do it with one little trick, one cheat code which I will share with you today and I will tell you exactly how to use it yourself so you can stop being the sheep led to the slaughterhouse and start being the wolf. Now I've done it before many many times. Of course people remember Palanteer which I talked about when it was at $6 $7 up 1300% that position. I talked about Nvidia. called it the ultimate stock 1,400% ago. And it's not even about these hyped up companies. I even talked about companies like Oracle, Oracle, Oracle 100% ago, three years ago. I basically said, "Look, this company is insanely heavily undervalued. I'm doing this every single day. I do this. I am him." Now, I'm not saying this to brag, and I'm not saying this to claim that I have a 100% record. I don't. I make mistakes like everybody else. But the system that I use and the system which I'll share with you in a second make sure that my screw-ups get absolutely overwhelmed by my wins. That's the whole beauty of the system and I'll share it with you in a second. So just to show you I know what I'm doing. Look at the end of the day what you want as an investor is one thing and one thing only. You want to feel like you have a plan, like you have a system, like it's something that's not random. You're not just trying to guess your way into success. You know what they say about failing to prepare is preparing to fail. Now, look, I've been there exactly where you are. I've actually been forming and yoloing just like everybody else. I'm not perfect. I'm not some guy who just knew it straight out of the gate. It took me many, many years to develop the system. It took me a lot of years, a lot of mistakes, just like you. And that's fine. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm a flawed individual just like everybody else. But I got myself out of it by developing the system. And now I'm helping others and making money in the process actually get out of this same rut. Now, this one system is incredibly simple, but it includes two key elements. You don't want to miss one because one element is the toy, the other is the batteries. So you need them both to be able to use the system. System divided into two elements. Element number one, SCOP. Do you know what SCOP is? Scop means psychological operation. That is used in clandestine operations. When you're trying to run a SCOP against a country or against an organization, it's a emotional psychological warfare. Now, one of the most common mistakes investors do is get in their head that investing is not emotional. They have good intentions. They're trying to get emotions out of investing, but they actually are shooting themselves in the foot by saying that investing is not emotional. Investing is emotional as hell. It's everything is emotions. Ignoring that part in your investing journey is literally shooting yourself in the foot because if you don't know you've got a problem, you can't solve it. So, let's just get out of this BS of investing is not emotional. Just be logical. It's not that easy. You ever tried being logical when you're hungry outside a pizza place? It doesn't work this way. Every single investment you make, every single investment you make has an emotional aspect to it. Now you have to understand that in the investing game you are playing against yourself. Your brain is literally running a SCOP against you. Psychological operation. But I'll show you in a second using element number one how to win, how to beat your brain 100% of the time, every freaking time without exception whatsoever. Okay, there's six elements to this war plan that I'm going to show you to beat your brain and actually evade and avoid the scope up that your brain is running against you. Okay, six things. Number one, it's called emotional triggers. Okay? Every time the stock goes up, the market goes up, the index goes up, you feel euphoric. Every time it crashes, you feel like you want to sell. You feel like your time horizon is shrinking. You feel like you're depressed. You have to identify that this thing exists. Emotional triggers are part of being human. There's nothing bad about this. But there is an easy way to counter these emotional triggers and that's very very simple. Make a checklist. Every stock, every ETF, every asset you have in your portfolio, make a checklist and say, "Hey, this is why I'm investing in Palunteer. This is why I'm investing in Tesla. This is why I'm investing in Oracle." Whatever the company may be. Make a checklist like a pilot. You ever notice how pilots they go through a massive checklist before they take off? Pilots with thousands of flight hours, they know this checklist by heart. Why are they looking at the page going one by one by one by one? Because that is how you make sure you don't screw up. That is how you get overconfident. That is how you make a lot of mistakes. Use a checklist like a pilot. Make sure that every time you are working off a checklist, not of some emotional triggers. Number two, narrative bias. Okay, what does it mean? It means that sometimes people like to hype up things, stories like quantum computing, like other stuff, and the store is incredible. And maybe it is the next best thing since sliced bread. Maybe it is the future. And sometimes it's not. And it also works in the other direction. Sometimes people spread negative FUD, fear, uncertainty, and doubt about companies or about the market. And that also is part of the game. You have to understand that narratives play 0% relevance in long-term investing. Narratives are irrelevant to investing for the long haul. They're really important for traders, but they are absolutely irrelevant for investors. We don't care if there's bad narratives, good narratives. We don't care. Judge fundamentals, not the story. It works when the stock is hyped. And it's the same pro process and the same concept when the stock is beaten down. Judge the fundamentals. Judge the numbers, not the story. Pilenteer was beaten down because of a narrative. It was selling at $6 per share in 2022, but the fundamentals gave you the answers you needed. All you had to do is just look beyond the narrative. Number three, anchoring. Now look, I want you to pay attention to this one. Anchoring is important, but once we go through four, five, we're going to get to six. And six is where the actual value comes together. Six is the most important of them all. Now, anchoring is probably the second most important. Now, anchoring is the same things that casinos use to keep you in. What do I mean? Well, you look at a stock and you say, well, you know, this stock is cheap. Why? Because a week ago it was 100 and now it's at 70. So it must be cheap. Or the same process happens in the other direction. Oh my god, this stock is 200. Just last year it was 100. Remember how people do that with Palunteer? The stock is at 20. The stock is at 40. The stock is at 60, at 80. Anchoring to a higher or lower price and calling it cheap or expensive. This is a huge mistake because essentially what you're doing, you're creating a subjective pricing mechanism for a stock and that is going to screw you. You have to eliminate it by having an objective valuation such as a DCF. Though not ideal for long-term investing, but it's decent or using multiples such as forward PE. Again, not ideal on its own, but they will give you a better understanding of expensive versus cheap rather than anchoring to the previous stock price that you're looking at. Now, we're getting to the interesting part. And as I said, six is the most important. So, wait for six. I'll get to it in a second. I promise. Now, confirmation bias number four. Essentially, this is what happens when people step into communities. They step into these echo chambers and then everybody's holding everybody hand talking about how great a stock is. There's no critical thinking. There is nothing to puncture the thesis. Nothing to stress test. And actually, this is how people get cleaned out. This is how they lose their money. You need to get out occasionally out of your eco chambers, out of your Discord servers, out of your little groups, and go to places where people don't like the stock. Listen to other opinions. Listen to contrarian arguments. Stress test your thesis to avoid confirmation bias. This is also one of the most important ones. Herd mentality. Look, we're animals at the end of the day. Humans are animals. We're emotional creatures. We are a herd. When we see a coffee shop with no people, we don't want to go there. When it's packed and we have to stand outside and wait for half an hour to get in, we'll love it. Why? Because we are hurt. Same thing happens in the stock market. Now, do you want to pile into the same thing that everybody else is buying just because they are? Sometimes it's a good idea because it's a great stock, but you know, do you want to pile in into the next big hype thing or do you want to overperform and outperform everybody else? If you want to be like everybody else, which means that 90% of these retves lose money. If you want to be like 90% and lose money, well, pile into whatever they pile into, you want to outperform these folks, you have to be different. You have to go against the grain. This is where the stuff about, you know, buy when there's blood on the streets, especially if the blood is yours. This is the sort of mentality you have to have. And now we're getting to the most important part. This brings this whole thing together. This is the sixth element and the most important of them all that kind of ties this whole thing up. This called the action loop closure. If the previous one I showed you had a casino element to it, this is the macdaddy of casinos. This is how casinos actually get richer and richer every single day. You lose money in the casino and you try to win it back and then you make a little problem into a massive problem. The same thing happens with the stock market. People lose a little bit of money and then they try to win it back. Oh my god, I got to get it back. That's a mistake. Sometimes you just screwed up. But don't make a small problem into a massive problem by trying to close that loop and get the money back. That money is long gone. The way to overcome this is not to explain to you that this is just a bad thing is I'm going to give you a system of how to avoid this. Set clear rules and boundaries with yourself. When to sell a stock, when to buy a stock, if you have clear rules and clear boundaries, you're never going to be trying to win back your money. I'm buying the stock if ABC is correct or I'm selling it because the thesis broke. No other reason will make me take action. Now, I just alluded to the second part of this whole thing. Remember how we said the toy and the battery? Well, this clear rules. I'm going to give them to you right now because they are the second part of this system. What am I talking about? As I mentioned again a second ago and in the start, we're talking about the toy and the battery, right? Number one, the SC up, the psychological element, the emotional element that we just talked about, that is the toy. Okay? But the toy does not work without the batteries. We have to have the batteries. The batteries is number two, which is what I'm going to show you right now. And that is the top 1% investing blueprint. I'm going to give you the rules, the boundaries that appeared a second ago in rule number six. This is the connecting point between the emotional aspect and the fundamental numerical quant aspect of investing. Okay, this is what top 1% investors actually do every single day. And you're not going to hear it mainstream media because they don't want you to do this. They want you to trade. They want to be emotional. They want you to make stupid mistakes so they can get your attention. They don't want you calm and collected and willing and just relax. And that's why I want you to watch this video because I'm going to get you out of that. Now, look, there's actually 13 things on this list and I want you to pay attention. And I'm going to go through every single one of them, but okay. The final one, number 13, says, "Don't buy stocks." You are not reading this wrong. Don't buy stocks. And I mean it. Okay, this is the final one. Wait for it. It's going to tie this whole thing together. Let's go through it one by one real quick. Okay, I don't want to waste your time. Number one, master patience. Investing is a patience game. Warren Buffett famously said that the stock market is a transfer mechanism of money from the impatient to the patient. If you can master patience, you have mastered 80% of being a long-term investor, at least a successful one. No conviction, no buy. No woman, no cry. Shout out to Bob Marley. Right? If you don't have a conviction in a stock for whatever reason, but your cousin told you, some YouTuber told you, somebody gave you a tip, never buy a stock without your own conviction because if it drops 50%, you're not going to be able to hold it. And maybe, just maybe, this is the next best thing. This is the next palunteer, but you can't hold it because you don't have any conviction. No conviction, no buy. Number three, cash over hype. If you hear a great story about a company, this company is going to revolutionize this industry. They're going to disrupt this and that and that. There's going to be the Okay, cool. Show me the money, Jerry. Jerry McGuire, shout out. Show me the money. Okay. Show me where the cash is. Show me where this hype is translated to cash. If it's just hype, I don't like it. I like to see actual results. Okay. Number four, noise and sentiment are irrelevant for long-term investing. You're going to hear a lot of stuff about companies, a lot of good stuff, a lot of bad stuff. Which one of them are relevant for your investing thesis? None whatsoever. You care about the fundamentals, not what the street thinks, not what the sentiment is, not some article in some newspaper. All of this is irrelevant for the long haul. Not the relationship between Donald Trump and Elon Musk. This is all short-term noise. Ignore that. Number five, DCA the right way. I need to put this on a t-shirt and also rhymes. DCAing the right way. And Jake Bogle once talked about it is understanding that the most critical time for DCA which means dollar cost average which means buying at all times is actually buying when the stock market tanks. The best time to buy for a DCA investor for a dollar cost average investor is when the stock market is dropping and unfortunately most investors actually sell at that time which is shooting themselves at the foot. DCA the right way means not only dollar cost averaging when the market is down but actually increasing your DCA speed when the market is down and decreasing it when the market is flying up. I'll talk about that towards the end of the video. So hang on to that. Number six, trim fat. What does it mean? Not my fat. Of course, I can trim some pounds, but that's besides the point. A whole different video, maybe a whole different channel. Basically, trimming fat means that if you're sitting on a huge amount of profits, on a huge amount of gains, let's say you bought Pilenteer a couple years ago, Nvidia a couple years ago, whatever the case may be, and now you're saying, "Well, this thing is going to 10x from here." Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. Who knows? If you're sitting on a pile of unrealized gains, take a little bit off the top, trim the fat. It's okay. In fact, this is the right way to manage risk. Number seven, plant a tree. What does plant a tree mean, Tom? Are you Have you lost your freaking mind? What does it plant a tree has to do with any of this? Well, when you plant a tree, mother lover, you don't go out to the place where you buried the seeds to see if the tree grew every single day. You understand that this is going to take months, if not years, for the tree to come out of the ground. And you're not going to be checking it daily and getting frustrated when you don't see progress. The same thing in investing. If you're investing for the next 20 years, why are you checking your portfolio daily? Leave it alone. Delete it. Forget the password. Who cares? Number eight, top CEO only. Only invest in companies where they have a top tier management, top tier CEO. Otherwise, it's not worth your investing. Top CEOs win. Bozos lose. Number nine, debt is prison. Every company that's massively leveraged, has lots and lots and lots of debt, I don't care about. Every single company I've ever invested in had more cash than debt. Significantly more for a reason. Because this is prison. Actually, cash is freedom. Number 10, think in decades but execute today. The whole thing with the tree, remember decades, but you have to plant the seeds today. You can't just hope for the tree to grow. You have to act today, but think in decades. This is the contradiction that most investors struggle with. Number 11, do nothing. Do nothing is the hardest thing for retail investors. They want to fiddle around with their brokerage job. They want to do, they want to act, they want to trade, they want to be the next Wolf of Wall Street. Doing nothing wins. The best portfolios in the world belong to dead people to estate accounts because they literally do nothing all day. Think about it. Number 12, allocation matters. You have to be wise about allocation. Both versus age and both versus each portfolio to itself. What do I mean by that? Well, if you are 50 or 60, your allocation between stocks and bonds and what type of stocks and what type of bonds is different than somebody who's in their 20s. But also you have to look at the internals of your portfolio. How much exposure you want to individual stocks? How much to an ETF? How much tech you want? How much safe stuff you want? Allocations are important. You don't just go, well, I like these three stocks. I'm going to have one, two, three, 33% each. Okay, that's one way to do it, but there's a better way. You have to learn how to allocate your portfolio based on age, based on risk aversion, and all the other stuff that are super super important. Now we're getting to the don't buy stocks. The final step. Have I lost my mind? No. By don't buy stocks, I mean don't buy stocks. Buy companies. You're not buying a piece of paper. You're not buying a chance to get rich. This is not a lottery ticket. You're buying a company. Buy companies, not stocks. And when you think about it this way, you say, "Well, I'm actually buying a company. I'm not buying a piece of paper, some stock." your whole mindset changes and it turns from whatever it is you've got going on right now in your portfolio to a whole different story, which is this. This is a two-tier process to evaluate every single company. If you were a billionaire and you were looking at a company that you were potentially about to buy, you're not going to be looking at the share price a week ago, what Jim Kramer said, who gives a freak about what somebody said, right? You're going to be looking at metrics that are very, very easy to understand. Hey dude, the company you're selling, how much revenue you had last year? Okay, cool. How much revenue you had in the past three years, over the past five years? How much growth you have in the business? Okay, what's your operating margin? What's your gross margin? What's your net income margin? What's your free cash flow margin? What kind of expansion on margins we have? Are margins getting better, getting worse? How much leverage you have? How much debt you have in this company? How much cash you have? Right? These are step one metrics. You basically look in your screen. You say, well, you know, if the answers here are in your satisfaction, you're saying, well, interesting. Let's go to step two. Step two basically. Okay, let's look at the total addressable market. Is this interesting? Do we have a lot here? A lot of meat on the bone. How much of the market do I have right now in this company? Right? What's the competition like? What's the competitive advantage of this company that's being offered for sale? What are the risks? Right? And if you like all these answers, notice how none of them have to do with sentiment and share price. You buy or you don't buy. It's as simple as that. The share price does not play any role in your analysis here. Why? Because of this. This is the reason why the share price is irrelevant. You don't wait for better price. You don't wait for corrections. Peter Lynch famously said that more money was lost waiting for a correction than actually from correcting. If you just buy at all times, you accept the fact that sometimes you're not going to be buying cheap. You're going to be buying here and here and here and here and here and here and here. You'll be buying all over the place, but you're not going to be gambling and you're going to say, "Well, I'm going to get the average this by not timing the market even once." That's DCA. And if you actually buy double here and here and here and here, when the stock is lower, that average is going to be probably somewhere about here versus here. You're going to drop your average significantly. And that's the system we actually teach in my academy. In Rook Academy, we have 20,000 members that didn't think that Tom Nash is just another YouTuber babbling about socks. There's just a few examples. If you want to try it out, join the heroic academy over at patreon.com/tomash. Would love to see you there. Learn the system, use it, and I'll see you there in just a