============================================================
Video: 9WMV_YHlPVo
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Don't Invest in THIS MARKET before watching this!
Date: 2025-09-05
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4241
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:37:41.682449
============================================================

Hey folks, this is Tom Nash and I've been educating people about investing for years. Stocks like Palunteer, stocks like Tesla, like Nvidia, we have covered all of them ahead of the curve. But what I learned in my years of investing and my years of educating that existing experienced investors have a whole set of worries that has nothing to do and is completely different from newer inexperienced investors who are just starting out. It's a completely different ballgame. And I can count on one hand the amount of times that both new investors and existing express investors were worried by the same thing. And this is exactly what's been going on in my DMs over the past few weeks. Both very experienced people as well as people who just started investing both asking me, "Tom, how long can this continue?" The bull run that we're seeing right now actually started at the end of 2022. So we are now finishing year four of a continuous bull run. How long can this party go on? We have companies like Pilenteer trading at 400p. Nvidia has basically flew out of the stratosphere. A whole bunch of companies running right now. Meme stocks are starting to run. So a lot of people are saying, "Well, Tom, is this the end of the cycle? Should we be worried? Should we wait on the sidelines before start investing? Because as you know when the market gets hyped up like this a lot of people are interested in joining. So naturally right now you have high participation from retail investors but a lot of them are not as naive as they used to be because they're asking the right question. Is this too late? Should we wait? And just at the same time, experienced investors who have made money with us over the past few years are saying, is this the right time to take some profits? I mean, is this the time to maybe get out completely and wait for the correction? And this anxiousness and nervousness I'm seeing across the board. And this is basically just us having conversation. I'm not going to be telling you what to do in this video, but I will show you the reality, not so much the hype you're hearing on mainstream media and social media. So let's put in perspective, right? For those of you who are a little bit newer to the market, you'll find this valuable. For those who are a little bit more experienced, maybe not so much. Okay, just to put it on the same page as far as communication, right? So a bull market is basically a situation where we have a period of price movements upwards 20% off the most recent low of the most recent bottom. A bare market is basically a drop of more than 20%. You see the similarities? They're kind of a mirror image of each other. By the way, for those of you who don't know this, a bull market is called that because the bull essentially attacks with horns up and the bears swipes down. That's all it is, right? But here's the thing, right? Um the whole situation that we're seeing right now, this is all academic. Who cares, right? Let's talk about actual numbers here. Okay, so over the past 3 and 1/2 years since we started this bull run in late 2022, early 2023, this is what the market has done. The S&amp;P 500, as you can see right here, has delivered a 68.7% in 3 and a half years. 23, 24, 25, and half of 26, right? So on average, the S&amp;P 500 usually gives you 8 to 10%. That's the normal. And if you look at this 70% in three and a half years, clearly we have gone away from the average. And that is why I think a lot of people are nervous and concerned basically thinking to themselves, well, you know, we're getting so far ahead of ourselves. Maybe this is the right time to slow down, to get out, to sell, and to essentially time the market. Okay. So, what you're seeing on the screen right now is the annual performance of the S&amp;P 500 since 2016 to 2025. And what you'll find interesting here that for those nine years, we only had two years where we had a negative return on the S&amp;P 500. One right here and one right here, which is 2022. So, seven out of the last nine years, we had a positive market. Imagine being an investor in this market essentially saying, "Well, you know, I'm going to wait for a correction." Well, buddy, you're going to be waiting a long time because over the past decade, you only had two of them and they were quite brief, not that crazy. One that was negative -6%, one that was negative 19%. But the thing I'm trying to show you here is that waiting for these things on the sideline, it's not always the best way to do it. Sometimes you'll catch it and that's great and feels wonderful when it can time it, but most of the time you're going to be sitting a lot on the sideline watching everybody else make money, which is not a whole lot of fun. In fact, Peter Lynch actually spoke about it and he's a guy who delivered 30% a year, which is triple than the average. And he always said that look, more money was missed out and lost out by sitting on the sidelines waiting for a correction than the actual losses of the corrections themselves. Now, let's talk a little bit about investing in the bull market. Okay. So, when you invest in the bull market, you're going to get a lot of overconfidence. A lot of people who had just started investing 2 years ago, a year ago, 6 months ago, hell, yesterday, they are now convinced that they're the next Warren Buffett. They know everything because in the bull market, everybody is a genius. So, you got to discount that. You also have to discount the tendency of human beings to project the recent past into the far future which is basically well you know whatever happened in the past 3 years that's just going to continue for the next 15 years. Nobody knows. The market isn't about to give you a road map to the future. We don't have a delore in a time machine. Right? Of course, the herd behavior is probably the biggest culprit in bankrupting retail investors because in a bull market, everybody goes for the same thing. Palunteer, Open Door, whatever. Like, name me the next stock and just everybody just flocks inside. By the way, those could be great stocks, but the herd mentality is also going to bring you really, really bad choices. And of course, misunderstanding the randomness of the market and how long a market can stay rational causes people to sometimes stay in the sideline. A lot of people stayed on the sideline since 2023, since 2024, saying, "Well, the market is irrational. I'm going to wait for the inevitable correction." And they said it two years ago, they said it a year ago, but still no correction. How long it can take? Months, years, days, nobody knows, right? And of course, you can't allow emotions and you can't allow um this idea of, oh, stocks go up because at the end of the day, stocks always return to the average. The average is like a magnet. It's always going to pull stocks down eventually. Gravity isn't fake. It's also actually exist in the stock market. So, if you take into account all of these things, okay, you're ready to take the next step, which I want to take with you right now. Okay. So I think that a lot of investor who started investing recently and have only seen wins and have only seen success and really wonderful success. They to an extent have this disease which is called the Dunning Krueger effect. And this is a very dangerous situation to be in but it tends to happen in every bull market. We have people who think they know everything right out of the gate. Okay. Then 3 months go by and they understand, well, it's not that simple. Then a year goes by and they're like, we're never going to understand this. 3 years go by and they start saying, I'm starting to understand this. And five years go by and they've come to the conclusion that it's complicated. Complicated. Okay. So investing isn't that simple. It's not that, you know, I'm saying that you can't learn this, but I'm saying a lot of these novice investors in the market right now who are convinced that they know everything, they really just right here on the chart because they haven't seen what a real market looks like. They've seen the um outlier that is the last three and a half years and they're sure that, you know, the stock market is such an easy way to make money and it's not and they'll find out the hard way. Now, this is what's going to happen to all these meme stock investors right now, to all the craziness you're seeing on social media. You know, I lost track of the tickers that are running around like 800%, 900%. Monopoly numbers, the stock market moves in cycles, and these cycles repeat themselves every few years without exception. And they're going to continue to repeat themselves without exception. And that's never going to change. In the beginning, you have some hope. Then you have optimism. Then you have belief. Then you have thrill. Then you finally hit euphoria. And then you have complacency, anxiety, denial, panic, finally capitulation, anger. We've seen anger in 2022. It wasn't that bad of a drop. And then disbelief and then hope again. And the cycle restarts. And every cycle, the institutional investors and the professional investors and the experienced investors, they use you guys, the retail investors, they use you as roadkill. They use you as pigs for the slaughterhouse. A new cycles of suckers comes in every cycle. It gets washed out of the market. They are living with their underwear pretty much. And then a new cycle joins in a few years later. And they repeat and repeat and repeat this thing again and again. Retail has a tendency to buy here and they have a tendency to sell right here at capitulation. Okay, I don't want this to happen to you. But I'm also going to tell you right now that if you ask me where we are, I don't know. I mean there's a there are good question, right? Where are we? Are we in euphoria? Are we perhaps in thrill? Perhaps we're in belief. Where are we here? Right? If I knew the answer to that question, I could have timed the market and could have created what essentially is the infinite money glitch from video games. Right? But we don't know. And because we don't know where we are in this and nobody can guess when euphoria hits, you can only learn this after the fact, right? It makes no sense to try and say, "I'm going to try to get out right here. I'm going to be counting pennies on the train track waiting for the train just before the train arrives. I'm going to jump out. Would you do that in real life? Probably not. You're going to say, "Well, that's stupid. You're going to get killed, right?" Why would you do that? Leave when you hear the train from the far, right? Same thing here. Like, why would you want to wait for this? The added value from getting out here is very minimal. But I'm actually going to give you a better system. How about if I tell you that you don't have to do that at all? You can just look at this, eat some popcorn, and say, "Well, who cares?" Because in reality, this actually doesn't continue in a straight line. In reality, this chart should be slanted at a 45° angle like this. Every cycle ends up higher than the previous cycle. And every cycle goes higher and higher and higher. So, while this looks nice, it should be actually slanted. Which means that if you just let it go and you leave it and don't touch it and don't get spooked and don't don't get scared and essentially just stay longterm, you'll be fine. Of course, that rarely happens with retail investors because they buy at the top, they go all in at the worst possible time, and they end up selling at the worst possible time as well. And in this video with the few minutes, I'm actually going to show you how not to do that. Okay? How actually to make money instead of being this slow, you know, pigs led to the slaughter house. Now, a lot of you may ask yourself at this point, well, Tom, you know, why just you why can't we just wait for a correction? I mean, wouldn't it be smarter to just wait and get out? Okay, I'll explain a few things here. Number one, as a general principle, I think you guys should understand that timing the market is not a very smart thing to do. Okay? It's a bad idea. Okay? It's very hard to time the market. Sometimes you think, well, this thing can only go up. This thing cannot get worse. This thing can only go into the stratosphere from here. This is the the market is going to surprise you. Sometimes you think this has to come down. It's over. And then it keeps on going. People said that Palanteer was over. hype at $30 per share. We're now at 150, 160. The market doesn't know normal. The market doesn't know rational. In fact, in the short term, the market can stay irrational a lot longer than you guys can stay solvent. Now, one more thing you need to understand. All-time highs are insanely common. People, oh, the market is at alltime high. Guess what? That happens 16 times a year. Oh my god, Tom. Blasphemy. Yes, the market hits all-time highs at least once a month, 16 times per year on average. The reason we know this is because since 1950, the US actually had 1,250 all-time highs. That's 16 times per year. Okay? So, you're going to have a lot of all-time highs. It's not something to get feared about. It's not something to get panicked about. All-time highs are part of the game. They're a feature. They're not a bug. It happens all the freaking time. There's nothing weird about it. And actually not investing in a bull market because it's a all-time high. You're going to miss out on a ton of opportunity. On a ton of opportunity for no reason. Why would you do that? Now, the crazy part about it, which I I showed you in the the slant, you remember the slant the 45 degree angle? It actually gets even better than that. It's not only that the bull runs essentially create this 45deree angle, and if you look at the S&amp;P 500, you know exactly what I mean. Over the past 75 years, they actually get bigger. The more bull runs continue to happen, the bigger they become. Okay, so as I mentioned earlier, we have 27 bull runs since 1928. Okay, on average we had 115% of gain over 3 years while bare markets generate a 35% loss over 10 months. Okay, what does this mean? This means that if you're playing a long-term game and if you're playing the odds game, which side of the bet you want to be on? the one that has a threeyear lifespan and 115% average or the one that has a 10 month cycle average and a 35% drop, right? Obviously, the one that has 3 years, 115% is way better. So, why would you try and time that when all you can do is just stay there and sit there and let the market do its thing? Because eventually, what's going to happen is this. I'm showing you right now. This is the market over the past 100 years, folks. And in the red, we have all the corrections. In the blue, we have all the bull markets. This is from Josh Brown. I think this is Ritz Holtz. Shout out to him. Right. And as you can see on this chart, right, if you zoom out clearly, you can see that the bull markets are a lot more dominant than the bare markets. So, which one do you want to do? Do you want to just sit there and let the blue ones take over the red ones? Or do you want to time this one? Or do you want to time this one? Or do you want to time this one? Really, you're going to be sitting here trying to time this one. And look, I get it. A lot of people say right now that the market is crazy, right? The market is irrational. The market is all that and all that. I get it. But look, it could take weeks or months for a market to actually finally correct even at the peak. Sometimes it can take years. Guess what? The longest bull run we've ever had was actually almost 13 years and it gave us a 582% increase. Okay? If you were waiting for this to end, you were sitting on the sideline for a decade and a half and missing out in 600%. Right? It is very hard to find out when the recovery is starting before it happens. Okay? It is very very hard. So, let's say that you have a bull market and now it crashes and you're sitting on the sideline and you got out and now you're saying, "Okay, I'm going to jump back in just when I find out that the market starts to improve again." Good. The problem is that improving is a very elusive concept. Okay? It's a very elusive concept. And here's the problem. So most investors when they jump in, okay, they essentially stay out of the market and they miss out on the best 10 days. So this is an example I use a lot. And essentially what it shows you that if you invested for the past 20 years and you put it at $10,000, you would have about 60,000 in 2022. I think this was from 2022, right? So imagine, you know, missing out only the best 10 days of a 20-year period. Those 10 days are going to cost you half of your return. So again, sitting on the sideline may seem like a good idea sometimes, but you have to remember it has a massive cost. Staying out of the market, missing out on the best end days can really, really destroy your portfolio. And the best end days sometimes happen during bare markets. That's the part people don't understand. In fact, it happens quite often. Now, here's the thing. If you're sitting in the market right now and you're saying, "Well, I'm going to wait." Fine. You're waiting. The market crashes and now you're saying, "Oh my god, when do I jump back in? I'm going to wait for the market to start recovering." But guess what? Okay, the first half is usually very, very hard to spot. Most investors actually join in in the second half of the bull run. That's a fact. The problem is that the best performance happens in the first half in the first half of the bull run in 74% of the time. Essentially, what you're going to see is that if you're sitting on the sideline, by the time that you jump back in, you have missed out on the better part of the meat and now you're eating scraps. So, why would you want to do that? Now, here's the thing. There is a way to invest in the bull market. I'm going to keep it very very brief, very very short. Okay? I'm going to show you how to invest in the bull market. Let's take a stock in imaginary stock that does this. And even though it had lows and highs that are insanely insanely far from each other, I'm going to show you how to get here without timing the market even once. How to buy it and have a cost average of this without buying anything, without timing, without nothing, just by following one simple rule. And the OGs, they'll know what I'm talking about. This is a system I call DCA, dollar cost average. Essentially, what it means is investing a fixed amount at regular intervals. Okay? This is a system that I've built my whole career on and both on the investing side and the education side. But essentially, a lot of you that are not that experienced are asking yourself, well, Tom, how does DCA protect us from actually buying the top? Because right now, everybody is afraid from buying at the top. Like, Tom, the market is so hot. We're so afraid of buying at the top. How does it protect you? And this is how. Okay, number one, essentially you don't go all in at the peak with DCA because you're just buying a little bit a little bit a little bit at all times. So, you'll never go full on full balls deep at the top. It's impossible. Number two, it's averaging. If you're just buying at intervals, you have an average. So, you're lowering the cost without timing the market even once. And number three, it creates discipline against emotions. You're not going to do anything foolish if you follow a system and have a discipline. It's as simple as that. Now, I'm going to show you a little tweak to the system that can actually bring you down here. Earlier, I said, "Hey, I can show you how to get here. How about if I show you how to get here, very close to the bottom, not actually not quite the bottom, but very close to the bottom without timing the market even once, without gaming, without gambling." And the way you do it is by supercharging your DCA. Essentially what you do is that you double down on dips. When the stock actually dips, then you increase your DCA. When the stock goes up, you decrease your DCA and then you create compounding and a weighted average that brings down your cost basis. Now, there's an example here actually also allows you to recover a lot faster. There's many, many, many things you can freeze and read this, but essentially what the system does, if you're buying at all times and you're buying heavy on the way down, and you're buying light on the way up, your average is going to come very, very close to the bottom without timing the market even once. Now, the thing here is very simple. You budget, you figure out how much you can invest every month without going crazy, a comfortable amount. You invest half of that and you wait and you wait and you accumulate the other half on the sideline. Once the stock that you're investing in or the index drops to whatever threshold you choose, I use 20% of the 52 week high. Once it drops 20%, boom, you go in and then you start deploying and deploying until it goes back up at which point you slow down again. Simple as that. If you get a bonus inheritance, you just spread it out over the next 24 months just the same way that you do here. and it's going to protect you a lot. Now, here's the thing. I want to show you my academy paid me.com/mash. I just showed you the system and the system is wonderful. I just taught you how to drive. Okay? You you gotten a license, you can drive, but you haven't had the map. What do I mean by that? Well, you know how to drive, but if you DCA into bad companies, is that DCA going to save you from picking a bad investment? No. If you're going to be dcaing dollar cost averaging into trash, if you don't know how to pick good companies, if you don't know how to evaluate companies, if you don't do how know how to do due diligence, if you don't have a community where you can go pingpong back and forth with experienced investors and see what's going on in the market, DCA isn't going to help you. So, if you actually want to have the map, not just learning how to drive, but have the map of finding great stocks and finding great opportunities, join the Rock Academy at patreon.com/tomash. We have 25,000 students because this thing is for real. Would love to see you there. We have lectures. We have saved lectures that you can watch from the past. Everything's academy. I'll see you there in just a bit. Later.