============================================================
Video: sk1s7CbaKbE
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: This Investing Opportunity Could Change (Early Investors) Life
Date: 2025-07-22
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4538
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:56.741201
============================================================

My name is Tom Nash and over the past few years I've managed to be a very successful investor by investing early on in companies like Palunteer, by investing in companies like Tesla, ahead of the curve, by staying invested through the 2022 crisis. And in today's video, I'm going to reveal all my secrets, everything I know about investing in one quick video is going to change everything you know about investing in little bit under 10 minutes. everything you got to know. You don't have to click nothing. You don't have to buy nothing. You don't have to smash nothing. All I want is your attention. And I want you to listen. And I promise this video is going to change everything you think about investing. And I'm going to give you all my knowledge for absolutely for free. There is no payw wall. Now, one of the things that I've learned over the years, and this is one of the most important lessons I've managed to learn, is that nobody's going to give you free gifts. Nobody is going to give you a deal that's too good to be true. If somebody's offering something that sounds absolutely insanely over-the-top, too good to be true, it usually ain't. All these stories about traders and options traders that are making gazillions of dollars very very quickly. All of this is It is absolutely a total smoke up your bum. 90% of traders lose money. Most of them are broke. You hearing about either the minority that made it out, the one out of 10 that made it, and now you're hearing about them. You don't hear about denying it failed, but also you're hearing a lot of artists telling you how easy it is to make money in the stock market, no experience, no work, passive, easy, anyone can do it, and basically behaving like scam artists. I don't want this to be your fate. My mission on this channel for the past five years was to rewire the way retail investors think about investing to teach people that instead of trading, timing the market and gambling, we can build a new future together by creating generational wealth over time without being a gambler, without timing the market, with a very high degree of success. But all it takes is time. One of the most famous quotes I use all the time is the famous Buffett quote. One that he actually made, unlike a lot of the quotes they attribute to him that he never said, but one that he actually made is everybody wants to get rich. Nobody's willing to get rich slow. The key to my system is that none of this is going to be quick. It's all going to be slow. And if that's not for you and you're saying, "Look, I want to be rich in the next five years. I don't want to wait. This video is not for you. I'm sorry, but I'm okay with you leaving at this point. No problem. If you're okay with getting rich, ridiculously rich, slow, over time, building your future, not gambling, nothing comes quick, nothing come easy. If you want to make the journey and give yourself a chance at a better future, stay tuned. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Okay. So, in life when you're trying to get a good deal, right? What's the one principle that we all know that operates and basically dictates the quality of the deal we're going to get? Whether we're buying a vacation, a hotel room, a vehicle, or a snow machine, right? We know that if we go to the dealership and we go in the middle of the winter and we'll basically try to buy a convertible car, we're going to get a better deal versus trying to buy it in July. We know that the same thing with the snow machine. If we go in July, we'll get a better deal than buying it in the winter when everybody's trying to get one. We know the same thing works about buying property when nobody's wooing moving when nobody's moving in the winter. As a as a father, as a family man, I'm always going to move in the summer months. I'm not going to move in the winter when my kids are in schools. It's not going to happen. So, shopping for a house when there's no demand. You'll get a better deal, etc., etc. Buying a new TV right after the Super Bowl. Basically, everybody bought new TVs for the Super Bowl. the next day you go, you'll get a much better deal. The concept, and it's just a general concept of life, is when there's lower demand, your chances of getting a better deal are increasing. Now, I'll tell you a story. A while ago, my buddy was trying to buy a car. True story, not going to lie. My buddy was trying to buy a car, and basically what he did is he actually called a guy and he said, "Look, um, how much do you want for the car?" and he said, "Oh, I want 5,000." Cool. Then he asked a bunch of his friends to call this guy and get outraged about how he's asking for 5,000 for such a piece of trash car. Oh my god, dude. This car isn't what 2,000. So, he bombarded him with calls from his friends telling him that the price is horrible. He then waited for a few days, called them a few days later saying, "Look, if the $5,000 price is still relevant, I'm willing to buy it." And the guy was like, "Yeah, I was waiting for you to call. Let's do the 5,000. Demand supply. This is the rules of the game. One day 5,000 seems like an insulting offer. The next day it seems like the best thing since sliced bread. The same principles apply in the stock market. Folks, ain't nothing different. And this is what we teach in the academy. By the way, it's not rocket science, but this is the main principle we operate in the rock academy. All of my students, all my 22,000 students, they know this. You can wake them up in the middle of the night. They'll quote this for you. This is the perfect setup that we love and we hunt for when we invest. We want a stock that the price is coming down, but the quality of the business is coming up. If we can find businesses where this is the setup, these are the companies that we want to own for the long haul. And while the skeptics will say, "Well, Tom, how could it be? There's no business that gets better like this, but the price drops like this. Well, you can take a look at 2022 where Palunteer was improving every single quarter. More deals, more revenue, more margin, but the price was plummeting from 35 to 7. It happens all the time. It happens because of narrative. It happens because of noise. It happens because people are shortsighted. Benjamin Graham once said that in the short term, the market is a voting machine, but in the long term, it's a weighing machine. The best friend of a great business in the stock market is time. Eventually, the price catches up with the business, but not always immediately. And that gap, that arbitrage is where money is made. When you find companies that are great generational companies at a discount, this is where you want to be. You don't want to be buying hype, at least not at scale. Now, let's take it to the next level, right? Okay. In the stock market, there are a few things that I think are very easy for anyone, right? With a little bit of background, with a little bit of training, but they're quite easy. And those things are finding good businesses. It's really easy to see how good is the operating margin, how good is the revenue growth, how much cash, how much debt. Basically, these are very easy to analyze parts that you can say, "Well, this is a good business. They're making lots of money. Their margins are good. growing, right? And it's also very easy to just sit the SP500 for 20 years and if you've sitting the SP500 for 20 years, there has never been a 20-year period in the SP500 that people lost money, right? It's also very very easy to buy quality companies, hold them for longer, and basically creating generational wealth. All of this is very very easy. What's not easy, what's actually extremely hard is these things. Predicting the stock market in the short term, timing the market, controlling your emotions, unlike what you think, as human beings, all of us, myself included, are struggling with controlling emotions. That's why they call them emotions because they're not rational. I'd rather be playing on this field where I have lots of advantages than on this field where I'm basically in a huge disadvantage. So, this is very hard. I want to the very easy one. Okay. And to get to the very easy one, you don't need to really go that far. Okay. So, the formula is quite simple, right? You take the S&amp;P 500, you put a lot of it in your portfolio, you add on top of it some quality generational successful companies, you hold it for a long, long, long time. And then no emotions whatsoever in your investing strategy get involved. And that's how you become rich over the course of the next decade, two decades, three decades, whatever the case may be. This is the best investing strategy of all time. Buy quality stocks, buy the S&amp;P 500, hold it for long term, don't let emotions and impulse dictate any of your decisions, and you create the best investing strategy of all time. But this is just step one. We haven't even really scratched the surface here because I want to show you something cool. This is just the beginning. Okay. Now, as far as the basics of this thing, right? I want you guys to think of this term as something that you have to know in your sleep. When I say DCA, you say dollar cost average. DCA, dollar cost average. What does it mean? Okay, DCA means investing a fixed amount of dollars at regular intervals. Okay, $100 every month, $1,000 every month, $500 every week, doesn't really matter. If you DCA into the stock market, the huge advantage is you're not going to have any emotions. You're not going to be guessing when to get in. What's a good entry point, Tom? What's a good exit point? There's no guesswork. and you're essentially creating this automated process where emotions get kicked out of the formula altogether. Now, there are limitations here. Okay, the limitations are that you'll never catch the bottom. You'll never sell at the top like some of the people who post on social media claim they do, right? Um, you're never going to be able to do this without commitment and you need cash flow to continuously buy stocks. I mean obviously how are you going to buy stocks at all times with smiles and hugs? You need to be able to pay for that and for that you need cash flow. So that is something I'll address in a second how anyone can make sure they have cash flow at all times. And at the end of the day you also have to acknowledge and this is what most people kind of miss that DCA isn't as effective as lumpsum investing right long long term. If I buy the S&amp;P 500 in a lump sum today and I hold it for 20 years, it's not going to be as effective as dollar cost averaging over 20 years because the S&amp;P long-term only goes up. But if you lump sum, you're putting yourself back into the emotional framework of seeing a huge amount of money pile up, pile down, you're putting yourself in the spin cycle and the turbulence. in my system. I accept the fact that DCA is not going to overperform lumpsum investing in the S&amp;P 500 and great companies, but it's going to give me peace of mind and the ability to eliminate emotions. And the price for eliminating emotions is a little bit of less efficiency. And that's fine as long as the DCA there's no emotions in play. Hey, that's a rhyme and I actually just wrote it right now. Okay, I swear to God this was not scripted. None of this is. I'm just talking. So in your particular um setup, this is how I want you guys to do it. Okay, your DCA right now on the whiteboard, as I said, everything is for free. I'm not going to hold you hostage. Not going to put anything behind the payable. All I need is your attention. Okay, so the first thing you do is you have to set your amount. Okay, you have to create a budget. In the budget, you have to figure out what's my free cash flow at the end of the month. Okay. And the size really is irrelevant. Whether you have $5,000 to invest every month or 500 or 50, the size doesn't matter, but you have to figure out how much money I have at the end of the month. Okay? Then you choose your threshold. Okay? Your threshold would be at which point I'm saying that the stock has to be overvalued or undervalued. I'll give an example. If my threshold is 20%, then anytime the stock is 20% below the highest point it's been over the past year, I understand that I have to double down and increase my DCA. And as long as the stock is above that threshold, then I'm just DCAing normally. Okay, with ETFs, I would put five and 10%. With individual stocks, we probably put 10 and 20% at this threshold because I mean ETFs don't really swing 20% here and there. It's very unusual. So the threshold has to have a little bit of adjustment with an ETF versus a stock, but the system is the same. You set the amount and you set the rules. You put the goalpost and that goalpost is never going to move. 10% 20% 5% whatever it is, right? And then what you do is basically you have to make a decision what you want to own, which stocks, because not everything is going to be in the S&amp;P 500. So you've got to perform the due diligence, evaluate companies, and make sure you understand what individual stocks you want in your portfolio on top of the S&amp;P 500. Okay, moving on. Next step is basically utilizing our double down strategy, the one we teach in the academy, in the Ro Academy, right? And it's very very simple. Let's say that the highest point the stock has been at for the past year is $100. Okay? If my threshold is 10%. Then when the stock drops $90 and below, I double down. If my threshold is 20%, then I need to wait for the stock to drop to $80 to double down. Right? And when the stock is at 101, it means it is absolutely outside the threshold. I'm just basically normally DCAing at anything above the threshold. Very very very very simple. Now here comes the even simpler part. So this is an example. Okay. So let's say right now my DCA amount in my budget is $500. I figured out that my budget leaves me with $500 at the end of the month. Okay. And I decide that my threshold is 20%. of the 52- week high of the highest point the stock has been for the past year. Well, right now what I'll do is I'm going to be investing half of that amount. Half of the 500, not the full amount, only 50%. 250 goes into the stock market. the out of 250 every week, every month, whatever you determine, goes into a liquid short-term instrument where you get 3%, 4%, 5%, and it's parked there until you needed to double down. And when the threshold happens, when the stock drops from $1 to $80 and it's now 20% below the 52- week high, then you take your $250 that you have to invest every single month no matter what. And you add another $500 from this pool. So you're investing 750, 250 in normal DCA, 750 in double down DCA with the use of the cash you accumulated when the stock was at highs. When it drops, you have the cash to do it. Very, very simple. You do this until you deplete your fund completely. And at that point, you're going back to 250. Very, very, very simple. You don't need to be a rocket science to follow the system. If you do that, this is what it's going to look like, right? If this is our 52- week high, right? This is the red zone. This is where we're buying normal DCA, 1x DCA, and this is our 20% threshold. And let's say for this stock, we determine the threshold is 20%. Anytime the stock is in the yellow area, we're doubling down. So 250 every month here, 750 every month here. And if we do that, we're going to ride the average and eventually push down the share price lower and lower and lower. Our cost base is going to determine by this weighted average we're creating. By buying more when it's down, when we look back three, four, five, 10 years later, our average is going to be very close to the bottom. And we haven't even time the market even once. Okay. Now, how to always have money to DCA non-stop, right? We talked about it because a lot of people will push back and say, "Well, Tom, you have to be rich to be able to continuously DCA." And I say that is just not true. Okay? If you budget and you don't assume things and you're being real with yourself, you don't lie to yourself, you're going to treat this thing like rent, like fixed expenses that you just have to get out. Okay? You treat it as a non-negotiable. You allocate funds to investing. You audit your financials. You find out where you can cut the fat. You are smart with one time money that you get. You don't buy a Lambo with it. You don't buy a fancy computer. You put it in the fund. And you avoid lifestyle inflation. Happens to people. They start making more money. They get increases in the salary. They're starting to have that lifestyle inflation. They're spending more money. And all of a sudden, they're still investing 250 10 years later. No, no, no. as your lifestyle inflation. This is where the money is lost. Of course, you're not going to be living the same way you lived when you were more, you know, making half the money, but there's no need to be stuck at the 250 10 years later when your salary has doubled already. Okay? You have to make a daily reminder to yourself, hey, my end game is I want to retire very, very comfortably. And I'm going to do that by allocating more money to investing and by giving up stupid things I don't need like expensive vehicles which don't matter but two years later nobody cares about that vehicle anymore and being smart. That's how you always have money to DCA, right? You trust the system. You trust the process. It's not about how much money you going to deploy. If you have a good system, even if you're investing 100, 200, but you're consistent and you do it over decades, you're going to beat the people with more money because discipline beats size. It's as simple as that, folks. Now, what I want you to never, ever, ever do, no matter what, these are my never list. Never panic sell. Never buy out of FOMO. FOMO means fear of missing out. It's the same thing. I want you to never skip the importance of analyzing fundamentals and I never want you to ignore risk because people fall in love in their thesis, they fall in love in the company and they absolutely ignore the risk. Okay? You can actually sell the stock if the thesis changes but only if the thesis changes. Okay? Not because the stock price has dropped. Right? Now, you have to also be aware of the fact that if you actually have a big winner that you're up on 200 300%, it's okay to trim a little bit of profits to remove some risk. It doesn't mean you're becoming a trader. Okay? And the same thing for life and age, folks. A lot of people, they grow up, their risk tolerance changes. So my risk tolerance when I'm in my 20s is not the same as my risk tolerance 20 years later, but the composition of the portfolio stays as if they're still 20. They're still 80% the NASDAQ, 20% the S&amp;P 500, right? But they're already 20 years ahead of the previous age and now 20 years from retirement. You have to adjust your portfolio locations and sizing and risk based on your age. Never never ignore that. Okay. Now, next up. Okay. Frequently asked questions I get asked about DCA a lot, right? Uh, should I borrow money to dark cost average into the stock market? Absolutely no. Leverage and debt are cancer to investors. Never. Should I pause DCA if I don't have money that month? It's not a big deal. You can pause for a month, for two months. Life happens. It's not the end of the world. Just resume on months 2, three, four. It's okay. You're in a 20- year journey. Nothing happens if you miss one month. It's not a huge deal. Don't beat yourself up over that, right? Life happens. Okay. How to avoid emotional pressure. You have to journal why you bought a stock. And if you see the price plummeting, you have to open your journal. See any of the things I said as a reason to buy the stock? Any of them changed. And if the answer is no, then it's a discount. Okay? Why not lump sum into good companies and just wait? It's better mathematically. Sure. But then you have to deal with emotional control and controlling your emotions is not as easy as dollar cost averaging. So I'm not a huge fan of lump sum at all. Now what is the best amount to invest Tom? That question I get asked a lot. Nobody cares. It's it can be as little as $100 every month. The thing that actually matters here is consistency, not the size. Okay? Why not the NASDAQ over the S&amp;P 500? It does so much better. Yes, it has a bigger upside, but it has a lower floor. I'm looking for the S&amp;P 500 to protect me, not to be a high flyer, right? Okay. Why not go 100% stocks? Look at Palanteer, how much money it made over the S&amp;P 500. Bad idea. The S&amp;P 500 is undefeated cheat code and gonna protect your ASP when things hit the sh. Don't go 100% stocks. Okay. How long should we keep DCA? Should we never sell the stock? Well, as long as you're investing, you continue to DCA. DCA never stops. DCA never slips. It's like New York, the city. It's always active. It's always doing something cool. Okay. Um, of course, it's okay to ask these questions. I'm not saying it's not, but I'm here to allow you to protect yourself from yourself. Okay. Well, Tom, what if the market is down? Should I pause? No. It's actually literally the opposite. The power of a DCA is buying when the market is down. When there's blood on the streets, even if that blood is partially yours. Okay. Well, Tom, the pros, they don't DCA. That's a false lie. All the pros actually make money. Dollar cost average are crazy. Okay. Well, Tom, but DCA also has risks. Of course. Of course. If you pick trash and you DCA into trash, it's not going to help you. The DCA isn't going to predict you from not being able to pick good businesses. You have to have the skill of performing due diligence and evaluating companies. Huh. Okay. Um, well, Tom, should I DCA when the market is really, really up? Yes, because you don't know where you are on the chart. We don't time the market. It's up, it's down. We DCA. Okay. We adjust the DCA amount if the market is down 20% below the threshold, but nothing beyond that. Okay. I would just say if I had to distill my final kind of take on this is number one stay patient. DCA is like planting a tree. When you plant a tree folks, do you go outside the next day seeing how much the tree grew and then a week later just to check on the tree again? No. Because you understand you planted the freaking tree. It's not going to grow after one week. DCA is a tree. There's no point in checking how it behaves. Okay? Let it be. The best performing investors in the stock market are dead people's accounts because they don't touch it. In fact, delete the app from your phone. Let it go. Trust the process. Understand it's a long journey. It's a marathon. And this marathon is all about your mental capacity and emotional control. And most importantly, stay humble. Stay humble. Stay true to yourself. Stay true to your principles. Stay good human. Respect people around you. Just generally don't be a douchebag. Now, if you actually want to learn the system proper with everything that comes with it, learn the DCA. Learn most importantly how to find great stocks, how to evaluate companies, how to know which companies to invest in. Not stock picks. I don't sell buy this company, sell this company. I don't do that. I'll teach you the system, the process. I'll teach you how to think for yourself so you can become a better investor. I don't run this business where I just, you know, sell signals, none of this. Go to our Patreon, patreon.com/tomash. Sign up for the Roic Academy tier, Rock Academy or Rock Academy Elite. Try it out. 30 days money back guarantee to anyone with zero questions asked. I want you guys to get better. We have 22,000 subscribers in the academy. Would love to have you join. would love to have you learn because my life's mission is to change as many lives as possible. Would love to see in the academy. Thank you so much.