============================================================
Video: QVvRErnwh7U
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: URGENT WARNING TO ALL STOCK MARKET INVESTORS
Date: 2025-04-28
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3401
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:41:27.113445
============================================================

Over the past few weeks, you have heard headlines about the end of the US exceptionalism, the end of the US dollar, the end of the US economy. Every session, a depression, why this time it's different. Everybody and their mom were putting out articles about the end of the US stock market and how you should get out before it's too late. Now lo and behold, one good week in the stock market later, one day in which Tesla did 10% later, another 20% from Palunteer later, everybody completely changed their tune. All of a sudden, we are now talking about the phase ripper rally, a V-shaped recovery, the beginning of a new bull cycle, and now these same people who are telling you to bail on the stock market and stop investing and sell out are all over mainstream media telling you why this is the beginning of a beautiful rally. Now, what I'm here to tell you is we don't know what's going to happen. In fact, if you ask me, if I were a betting man, well, I would say this is far from over. And the reasons are quite simple. The reasons are because the uncertainty in the stock market is far from over. What got us here right after liberation day where we were liberated from our profits? This is the uncertainty that we have experienced. Uncertainty, unpredictability. Basically, all these things sent the stock market into a turbulent volatile time. Nothing has changed. What has changed? Did we get a deal with China? No. Did the tariffs get cancelled? No. What has changed fundamentally? Did the way this government, this administration is going to roll out policies change? No. Did Donald Trump behave differently now? No. None of the factors that got us here right after April 2nd, Liberation Day, have not changed. The level of uncertainty and insanity in the stock market has not changed. The only difference from a week ago to now is that we had a good week in the stock market because the same reasons that got us here. We had bad headlines, people tweeting rumors that crashed us. Now we have people saying, you know, like Basin saying, "Look, we're probably going to get a deal with China sometime in the next two years. We don't want to decouple from China. We're not looking for a trade war." All of a sudden, Navaro is not tweeting again. All of a sudden, right now, the markets are up, but it's all up on hot air. Nothing concrete. Nothing fundamentally has changed. The setup is identical. That makes me think that this is based on euphoria and this is based on opium. And at the first sign of negativity which based on how this administration has been carrying out their policies, it is just a matter of time until somebody bursts this balloon and the market is going to start tanking again. And the problem is and what I don't want to happen is that the large percentage of retail investors will get sucked into the market right now starting to form back into the stocks and those retail investors with their hard-earned dollars will be the same ones who will be ruggled when this actually happens. Now, in this video, I'm going to break everything apart, right? I'm going to tell you how I'm handling this, how you should be preparing for this. And naturally, a lot of people will not agree with me, and that's fine. But guess what? I've got the track record to prove that what I'm saying actually works. People were mocking what I'm saying back in 2022. Right now, we are up more than 15x on our investment from 2022. People were saying that we don't know what we're doing. Guess what? Those same people are really, really good at complaining in the comment sections, in the blogs, over social media. I don't care. We make money. That's very, very simple. Now, the beautiful part about the strategy, which I will let you know in a second, and it is absolutely for free, is that it doesn't matter what happens with the stock market. That's the beautiful thing. We have a system which will make you money investing with zero anxious, zero panic, zero concern. No matter if the market goes up or crashes down, it does not matter. Now, obviously, I have my beliefs and I have my predictions and my thoughts about where this market is going. And I do predict that because of the uncertainty that's going to keep coming out of this administration, the market is going to continue to do this. And basically, sorry, this is going to continue happening this cycle because I just think this government can't do it any other way. But it doesn't matter because guess what? over the course of years, then we're talking about this and this is how you make money. So, let's get into it right now and let's put all the predictions to the side. So, instead of predicting what this market is going to do, let's prepare for both options. Let's prep for what happens if the market runs up and let's prep for what happens if the market actually crashes down. Quite simple. Okay, let's get it done. So, first of all, first and foremost, let's talk about this. Okay, on the surface, this seems very very plausible, right? It's not possible to time the market. I think we can all agree to this. If you're here on this channel, you agree with me that timing the market is not a very smart thing to do. Right now, the second thing that you can see right here is basically that it's possible to find good businesses. I would argue that this is a lot simpler than timing the market. If you find good businesses to invest in and you invest for the long term, then you will make money. Long-term, good businesses do very well in the stock market. This is actually very predictable. Now, here's the crazy part. Over the past 15 years, we heard a lot of examples, a lot of news, a lot of different predictions, all sorts of wars and collapses and crashes, everything negative that happened in the world over the past 15 years. All of this came down to the fact that we still are up 830%. No matter what the wars they have come and gone, the crashes, everything, as long as you invested in the S&amp;P 500 for the past 15 years, you have done 830%. Now, actually, one little thing I've done, I've actually went back and checked, I bought about $100,000 of Palanteer stock back in 2023, mid 2023. That batch is now up six times, 6x in less than two years. So this is really really good. If you spice it up with investing in good companies, it becomes even better. Now the problem with this story is is that a lot of you have started investing in really really good times. Most of you I would bet have entered the market in 2023, 2024. Some of you are, you know, are here for a long time. I get it. But the vast majority of people right now in the stock market have never really seen anything negative, anything bad. They have not lived through some bad times. And I want to explain to you and this is not condescending and this is not being a prick. This is just me being honest, right? You see, whenever you learn a new skill, and this has nothing to do with investing, it could have been anything else, right? Whenever you learn a new skill, you will eventually get to this point right here. You will start learning and then you will know nothing. Then you will get to this point about you know six months into it and then you will think you know everything. After six months where you've acquired some sort of basic skills you will be convinced that you've learned everything and then life is going to slap you because you'll find out hey I actually don't know everything. There's a lot more to know. In about year two or three, you're going to find out, hey, I'm just starting to understand this for the first time. And in year four, you're going to start to understand it. And in year five, you will probably be man enough or woman enough to admit to yourself, well, this is very, very complicated. So, it takes about five years in the stock market to get to that point to where you admit to yourself that this is complicated. It's not that simple. Most of you are right now here. I know everything because you've been in the market for six months, for 12 months, and you've seen all these profits. Your portfolio have gone up non-stop. So, you are here. I know everything. I'm good. Don't worry. You don't. You're just starting out. You haven't seen anything yet. In fact, it's a lot closer to here than to here. There's a very famous u very very famous saying by Brian Calabbrini who's one of the worst all-time NBA players but yet he was still an NBA player and he was playing pickup ball with some people who have D1 college basketball experience and he was basically given the business absolutely killing these guys and at some point he came up to one of these guys who was very cocky and said look I'm a lot closer to LeBron than you are to me basically saying look this There's levels to this game. So after five years in the stock market, after 10 years in the stock market, somebody who's went through this is a lot closer to Warren Buffett than you are to this person. So I want you to pay attention here, right? Don't fall for this. Now, let me give you a recap. This little table right here, which you're looking at, this is what happens when you invest in a stock like Palanteer or a Tesla or any volatile stock. It's going to go up. It's going to go down. It's going to go up. And then it's going to go down again. It's going to behave the same way. The stages are the same. Optimism, excitement, euphoria, anxiety, panic, hope, relief, optimism, euphoria. And then the cycle repeats itself and it repeats itself and it repeats itself. But the price keeps going up. As you've seen right here on this chart, the last time we had euphoria in Palanteer was in 2021. This is 2021. The share price was $35. Then of course it dropped all the way to $6, $7. But now the euphoria is in the hundreds. It's $100, $110, $115. Depends on when you check. But basically the new euphoria is $100 and then this thing is going to crash down. It's going to correct and then the new euphoria will be 150 or 200 or whatever it is. But as long as you've understand this principle and as long as you understand that the price of a share doing this while the business you're looking at is doing this makes it a buying opportunity, then these dips become your best friends. And that's why I'm saying people are trying to figure out if we are ahead of another major correction in the stock market, which there's a good chance we are. There's a good chance we are, right? But if indeed we are ahead of a major crash or ahead of a major correction and this is not the end of the 2025 volatility which I expect fully not to be the end of the volatility right I and my community we are welcoming this because for us if a price drops like this while the business keeps going up this is not a bad thing. We are inviting these things. We are saying, "Hey, let us get these stocks for cheap because at the end of the day, we want to be buying here. We want to be buying here. We want to be buying here below. We don't really want to buy here, but we will do it. We will do it because there's no way for us to time the market." Now, I will buy the red zones because I don't know how low or high the stock can go. the stock market can stay irrational a lot longer than you can stay solvent. So, we will buy here and we'll buy here and here and here and here and here all all across this time we're going to buy. But when the stock actually drops below this black line, and I'll talk about that in a second, then we're going to buy double the usual amount. If we're buying a 100 each each month, each week, it doesn't matter, right? Well, we get to this point and when we cross below the threshold amount in the green zone, the number becomes double. So instead of 100, we buy 200. So that when we get to this point in 2025, our average is a lot lower than the average of the usual normal retail investor that buys very very high and sells very very low. Instead of doing that, we will just buy across this whole thing. doubling down on the green zones so that our average actually comes down. Now, the process is very simple, folks. And the process could not actually be simpler. All you got to do to make the system work is number one, understand you're not going to be able to predict the stock market. All you have to do is prepare, right? So, you budget. You figure out, okay, if I'm making $5,000 a month, okay, cool. I have to pay $4,000 for my living expenses for electricity and bills and whatnot. And now I have a hundred,000, sorry, I have $1,000 of disposable income at the end of the month, right? That's my disposable income, $1,000. Okay? So, let's say that I would like to invest fully that $1,000. Maybe you would like to spend 500 and invest 500. Maybe you would like to spend 800 and invest 200. It doesn't matter. Whatever the amount may be, that amount is going to be, you know, you're going to be investing, right? At that point, let's say that our investment amount is $1,000. We're going to perform DD. DD means due diligence. We're going to evaluate, research, and select the stocks we would like to invest in. And then the final stage is we're going to deploy 50% of that into the stocks we would like to invest in. So if our amount is $1,000, we're going to deploy 50%. We're going to apply $500 every single week, every single month, whatever the schedule is for you. Now that begs the question, well Tom, what happens with the other 500? Well, good question. The other 500 becomes your bank, your dry powder, your DCA bank. So that when you get to the green zone, which you've seen earlier, that green zone you want to be doubling down. So how do you make sure you always have money to constantly buy and to constantly double down in the green zone? By the way, the green zone, as promised, is 20% below the previous 52- week high of the stock price. The way you make sure you always have money to DCA to dollar cost average and you always have money to double down in the green zone is to use this system. Deploy half of your depos disposable income and save the other half for when your stocks drop below the 52- week high. That way you will always have money to deploy and you will always have money to double down. It's very very simple. It's not that complicated. Now all you got to do from that point on is very very simple. You just have to do three things. monitor and verify. Make sure that the stocks you invested in are still intact. Now, a lot of people ask me when a famous YouTuber just sold his Tesla stock and the share price went up 10% on the next day and a lot of people said, "Well, Tom, what do you think about this guy selling? I mean, the it's a bad move." No. And I'll tell you why. I have no issues with that person selling. And I'll tell you why. Because when I watched his logic explained in this video, what I heard is completely legitimate. I heard this failure. What does it mean? Well, he got to the conclusion that the thesis he has for Tesla has now been breached. And because he invests in Tesla primarily because of the automotive business and he sees the competition from China and margin erosion and brand erosion and all that stuff, he doesn't view Tesla as attractive enough from a fundamental perspective to invest in. So that's failure of thesis. If somebody wants to sell a stock because they think that the thesis is no longer holding, I'm 100% fine with that. I don't have to agree. I don't have to say hey I think you no I actually disagree with the fact that the thesis is failing but because the methodology is correct I have no problem with that if you think the thesis is not as good sell that's one of the reasons to sell for sure the fact that the stock price went up by 10% the next day is irrelevant who cares if the stock price would have dropped 10% the next day you would have called him a genius now you're calling him a clown there's no need for that because that's just how you invest if your thesis is gone Boom, you sell. That's a legitimate reason to sell. What the stock price does on the next day, short-term, who cares? It's completely unpredictable. It's random. So, I am 100% on board with what he did. Even though I don't agree with the thesis, but that's absolutely legitimate. The other thing you have to do here is you make sure that life doesn't happen. Sometimes life happens and you need the cash. That's fine to sell. And of course, as you get older and you get close to retirement, you have to adjust your portfolio to reflect the appropriate levels of risk you want to take. You cannot be in your 70s with 90% of your portfolio in Palunteer. It's not going to work. You have to adjust your portfolio and your risk level to your age. As long as you make these things non-negotiable and you say, "Hey, I'm never breaking these rules. I'm only investing in companies who I fundamentally believe in. I invest 50% of my disposable income and I double down when it drops. Even if the sentiment is bad and when the market is either euphoric or panicky, I will absolutely ignore that. Ignore short-term noise and just do that. And I will not try to time the market and predict and I will only invest in great companies. Over the long haul, you will be fine. Now the only piece to this puzzle which you need in my opinion is just to learn how to invest in good companies. Now to me the answer is very very simple. We can teach you that. I'm not going to give you stock picks. I'm not going to give you stock alerts. I can actually teach you how to find good businesses to invest in, how to perform your own due diligence, how to evaluate companies. And to do that, all you got to do is check out the academy. I'm going to put the link in the description in the pin comment. It's patreon.comtodommnash. Would love to see you there. There is a reason why we have 18,000 members in the academy because this thing actually works. And this is how you build wealth and generational money over the long haul without timing the market and without absolutely zero panic and zero anxiousness. I'll see you there. Peace.