============================================================
Video: rTzQ0b9vcAQ
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Most Investors Are Not Ready For What is About to Happen (Do This ASAP)
Date: 2025-04-01
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3297
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:42:20.907186
============================================================

So the panic mode is on. The stock market is absolutely in shambles. Everybody is expecting April 2nd, also known as the liberation day to be the end of the stock market, the economy, and all that bad stuff. Everybody's now afraid of the tariffs, the reciprocal tariffs, the inflation, all of this has been priced in by the stock market. And the result was that March was so far the worst month we had in the S&amp;P 500 since the beginning of 2022. And right now the fear of a global trade war which might happen or might not happen but it is a real risk is being priced in. That means that we have to price in inflation, stlation, recession, the stock market crash. All of this gets priced in and that's how we get to a negative 10% correction territory on the S&amp;P 500 in 2025. Now, in this video, I want to stress out that this is a pivotal moment. I don't think it's a nothing burger. I do think it's a pivotal moment. I do also think that a lot of investors are going to miss out and misunderstand and not utilize this the correct way. I want to give you all the information. I want to give you all the strategies. I want you to be prepped for this. I want you to survive this, but I also want you to do better than just survive this. I actually want you to use this to make money. So, let's go through all of this together. Not edited today, just on the computer. So, bear with me here. Sorry, don't have the time to produce a whole video. So, we came in into 2022, just a couple years ago, with a very hot inflation reading. And the response from the Fed was to actually increase interest rates. When the Fed increases interest rates, well, it slows down the economy, but it also kills inflation, which is kind of what happened. We had a bare market in the stock market. The S&amp;P 500 dropped for 10 months. The economy was shaky, but inflation went down from 9% to 3%. Which wasn't a bad result, as expected. Now, right now, we are in the middle of what is called a cutting cycle because the Fed basically said, "Well, we're good enough to start releasing the tension a little bit." And instead of being so hawkish, we're going to be a little bit more dovish. We're going to start cutting the interest rates in order to allow the market not to crash. We still need the economy, that is the real market, of course, not to get absolutely annihilated by these high interest rates because when you have higher interest rates, borrowing cost goes up. Basically, it pumps money out of the system and that's not healthy, right? So, the stock market is just the result of what the real market, the real economy does. And the Fed doesn't want to cause a recession. So they started the cutting cycle. So through 2023 24 and 2025 was supposed to be another cutting cycle year in which the Fed slowly but surely reduces the rates to bring up the economy and obviously the stock market as a result. The Fed doesn't care about the stock market. That's a result of the economy. But now the Fed is faced with a very difficult problem which is almost unsolvable. On the one hand, the economy is not in a good place because of the amount of high interest rates we had for the amount of time for two and a half, three years. It's a long time for the market to be in a high interest rate environment and we're starting to feel the pain. On the other hand, inflation, which actually came down to 3%, might actually be on the way up because, as you all know by this point, when you have a tariff war, tariffs bring up prices. If I impose taxes on incoming goods to the United States, well, the price of these goods either to the producers or the consumers, which is pretty much the same, goes up. Inflation goes up. So tariffs by definition are extremely inflationary. They bring the prices of goods up. But what they also do is they weaken the economy. Unlike in 2021 when we had inflationary issues, but the economy was fine. This also will hurt GDP. It will raise unemployment and potentially cause a stlflationary environment. And in that particular scenario when inflation goes up but also the market goes down the economy, unemployment, GDP, the Fed is locked out because if the Fed decides to intervene and cut interest rates to help the economy, it's going to make inflation worse, which is 50% of the problem. So they're basically stuck in two impossible solutions. This is kind of a double-edged sword for the Fed. So, this is the sort of thing that everybody's afraid of is that the Fed is not going to be able to bail out to be the backs stop of the economy if we head into a trade war, which might lead to a lot of this problems. And if you look at the market right now, obviously credit card debt is up a lot. You know, delinquencies rate is up a lot. People are struggling with debt. Not only people, also the US government is struggling with debt. I mean the amount of you know money that's being paid to service the US national debt is huge and it's growing and so the debt is a huge problem for the economy mainly for the consumers and the consumer is expecting the Fed to you know be a little bit more lenient and ease off a little bit so they can breathe but now potentially the fear is that because of tariffs we'll have prices go up inflation come back and we're still going to have high interest rates which basically means a recession and that means bad things for the stock market as well naturally. Now I want you number one first of all to understand that this is the risk that being priced in. We'll talk about it in a second what is the likelihood of this happening and what is the market going to do if that happens. We'll talk about all the scenarios and everything but first and foremost regardless of how this thing plays out at the end when the smoke clears right I want you to prepare your expectations. I have a lot of viewers that started investing in 2023, 2024, maybe even 2025. And if you are in that category, well, I'm sorry to tell you, you've been playing this video game on rookie mode, 23, 24 years in which the stock market did 60% on the S&amp;P 500 and companies have made hundreds if not thousands of percents in profit is not a normal year, not even a normal two years for the stock market. That is highly unusual. So whatever it is that you had in 2023, 2024, forget about it. You cannot get anchored to the performance of the market in 23 24 that's over. That's gone. We now have to prep for normal investing, which means investing is not easy, which means you actually have to learn how to do this because unlike in 23 24, not anybody who's putting money in any stock is going to make money. So this becomes a lot more challenging. It's a whole new game. that you can make money in this game if you follow the right strategies which is exactly exactly what I will say explain and elaborate on in this video because this whatever is going on here might blow over in a couple days or it might blow over in two years. There's no way of telling and you have to prepare as always for the worst possible outcome. Which means that we're headed into a very tough year in which you have to adjust to play a whole different video game on expert mode instead of rookie mode. Now, on a personal level, before we'll talk about the stock market and my expectations about what's going on, I'm going to give you a little clue. I'm not that pessimistic, but maybe I'm wrong. The point is regardless of my personal opinion, you still have the matter of personal finances, right? Once we have new risk being introduced into the stock market, into the economy, you have to adjust to these risks, which means you have to prepare your personal finances before the stock market. That's kind of just the basics, right? You have to get rid of any debt you have, mainly credit card, expensive debt. You have to increase your emergency fund. You know, 6 to 12 months would be a minimum at this point. 18 months would be really, really good. And of course, you have to be ready to use any possible drops in the stock market as buying opportunities for good stocks or the S&amp;P 500. Right? That's just the basic. Now, go back to the stock market with me for a second and let's talk about history. Right? Throughout the course of history, we had a lot of bad moments that were being priced in by the stock market. Every time in the past that we had the stock market price in a future outcome that was supposed to be the worst of all times, whether it's trade wars, geopolitical tension, nuclear missile crisis, wars, whenever the market was ahead of something and that future bad occurrence was being priced in by the stock market, the pricing in of that event was always by definition to the max. Think of the stock market like a lawyer. Whenever you go to a lawyer, that lawyer is always going to think about the worst case scenario and they're going to write a contract based on what could possibly go wrong and how to protect you if everything absolutely goes wrong. So the same thing with the stock market. The stock market always prices in the worst possible outcome. But more likely than not, the actual outcome that follows the max fears and the panic is usually not as bad. And then you have a relief rally because people are starting to see, well, it's not as bad as we thought. Now, I don't know what's going to happen, right? But if that happens, April 2 might actually be a temporary or a permanent bottom for this. If the tariffs are not as bad as people think, whether because Trump basically doesn't pull the trigger or he backs off or he gives a temporary extension or they reach a deal. A million things that can happen that can make this a lot smoother than people expect it to be. And if that happens, well, the market's going to have to repric this all the way up. Not saying that I guarantee it's going to happen, but I'm playing out the scenario with you here. Now, the drop here, um, it's not really about tariffs. If you look across the board, the tariff scares don't make no sense because if you look at the same markets across the pond, right? You look at China, even if you look south to Mexico, these countries should have had stock market drops as well. I mean, if you're talking about a global trade war, everybody loses in the global trade war. There's no winners in the global trade war. And yet, Chinese market is up over the past month. Mexico is up. Only the US is down. Again, if you also look at which stocks are down, the stocks are actually down have nothing to do with the tariffs. I mean, we're talking about tech. We're talking about companies that are not importing vehicles or producing any sort of goods outside the US which they're importing. It's tech. It's software that has nothing to do with tariffs. So the point here, as I'm sure a lot of experts will point out to you, and I think it's the smart way of looking at this, is that this is not really about tariffs as much as it is about the fact that we had a phenomenal couple years in which the stock market rally beyond recognition and now the market is basically taking a breather. There is a rotation that's going to happen naturally because we were in tech and growth ultimately without any sort of backs stop for two years. It was just tech, tech, tech tech, growth, growth, growth. And nobody wanted any dividend stocks, any any boring stocks. And all of a sudden, people are starting to say, well, you know, the other stocks, the value stocks are pretty cheap. So after two years of a huge rally, you're going to have a rotation. And you just need an excuse. And at this point, this tariff scare is just a fuse. And all they needed is a match. And now you have the explosion. It's not really so much about tariffs. It's about the fact that people after two years of huge runups, they want to take profits. They want to derisk as I told you you should do back, you know, a couple months ago, they want to, you know, get some cash in the in the pocket. And there's a lot of opportunities in cheaper sectors that were not as impacted by the bull run that we've seen, right? And if you look at these tech companies that are being down heavily, they're fine. Their business is good. I mean, you can claim that Tesla's business is not as good because of the Elon hate and people lighting Teslas on fire. Sure. But Tesla's business to me is robotics, energy, FSD. None of this is and any sort of, you know, it's not compromised. Now, if you look at the past 3 months, here's the most interesting part, right? You have already a lot of interesting opportunities. And we talked a lot about Tesla and Paler. Not going to get into that in today's video because I mean, I've talked a lot about these two stocks. There's no need to make another video about them. If I look at this market right now, there's one glaring company that's basically screaming at me, "Hey, Tom, look at me." And I'm talking about Nvidia. So, if you look at Nvidia right now, Nvidia, the juggernaut, the company that has a B2B almost guaranteed income for the next three years that has nothing to do with recessions because they're literally building the infrastructure for AI. It's a B2B play that's not going to be as impacted by recession. They're trading currently at 26 forward PE with a score of 90 on their stock MVP scorecard. And I just want to let you know before you go and hate Nvidia, my personal price targets for Nvidia are a lot higher than what you got right now. My bare case for Nvidia for the next 5 years is 294, which means 176% upside. My middle case is $440 per share. That's a 316% upside. And my bullcase for Nvidia is almost $600. In fact, I think it's $593 for the next 5 years. That's a 455% upside. So, Nvidia has gotten a lot cheaper while it's gotten a lot better. So, right now, I'm looking I'm saying Nvidia is attractive at these prices. Don't know how low it's going to drop. It might drop another 50%. Who knows? But it's already at this point fundamentally starting to look very attractive if you are a long-term investor and you can withstand the volatility. Now, how low can these stocks go? How low can Nvidia go? Tesla, Palanteer, the entire stock market. We already seen a 10% correction on the S&amp;P 500. Uh, that's basically something that happens on average once per year. Nothing too crazy. We do have a 15% correction that happens every 3 years. We still have another 5% to go to get there. And that's still going to be normal, right? So, even if it drop another 5%, that's pretty much, you know, something that happens every 3 years, absolutely normal. If tariffs are actually worse than people think and you know things get really bad, we might see 20 25% drops that going to be pretty much like the bare market we've seen in 2022. And beyond that, it's hard for me to say right now because I'm looking at the data. I'm not seeing anything from the, you know, GDP numbers are okay, unemployment is okay. You know, the tariff impact, sure, it's going to be there, but right now the foundations of the economy are not weak. So without strong unemployment or really low GDP or even negative GDP it's very hard to think about a recession although you know everything is possible. So what you can do in this situation if you want to be prep for everything I say don't predict prepare right we cannot predict we don't know what's going to happen we can only prepare so if you have to prepare do these three things number one stay calm number two do not panic sell and number three understand that corrections are normal and if they happen they often create buying opportunities in really good companies like Nvidia which I just talked about like Tesla like Palanteer a lot of different opportunities out there. Don't just buy stocks because I said so. Research for yourself and get to know the business, get to know the management, look at the balance sheet, you know, make a valuation, understand if that's the sort of stock you want to invest in. But corrections usually when they happen, they open up a lot of opportunities. And I want to remind people that back in 2022 when a correction happened, we had Palunteer at six and made a lot of money on that specific stock over just two or three years. A lot of these things are repeatable. You know the stock market has a cycle that keeps happening where you have euphoria then depression euphoria depression and the money is actually made on depression side when everybody's panicking and selling out because they cannot withstand a year or two of a bad market. The rich people, the experienced investors, they're actually buying at that point because they understand that everything is temporary. Bad markets, good markets, it all changes. The cycle never stops. Same thing. So I want you to relax. And if you actually are not a short-termminded trader and you want to learn how to become a better long-term investor and you have the patience and you're not going to be screaming every time your stock drops 10%, you actually want to learn this game and be successful for the next 10, 15 years in this, I actually welcome you to join my academy. So in my academy, I teach all of these things. I teach you how to become a better stock market investor. I teach you how to actually think for yourself. I don't feed you stock picks or buy alerts or sell alerts. patreon.comtodommnash. We have 17,000 students. We teach people how to make money, how to create generational wealth over the course of 10, 15 years without timing the market even once, without gambling, and without being anxious or panic. All of that stuff in the academy. Would love to see you there. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.