============================================================
Video: IjTXYTnS1Ik
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are an NVIDIA shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-07-24
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4162
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:38:51.215644
============================================================

Hey folks, this is S Nash and Nvidia is going to change lives once again just like it did from 2020 to 2025. A lot of investors didn't give Nvidia enough credit back in 2020. Well, now you look back and you say, "Wow, if I had bought Nvidia in 2020, I would be now 1,500% up." And now people are saying, "Well, look, Tom, it's too late to buy Nvidia. It's already after the huge runup. I'm going to look for other opportunities. It's just too late. Now, in today's video, I'm going to change everything you think you know about Nvidia. It's going to take a while, but if you click nothing, smash nothing, buy nothing, and just listen to me, I promise to completely change what you think about the stock and open your mind by doing a complete deep dive into this stock, showing you that maybe, just maybe, it's not too late. In fact, it is quite early and somehow most retail investors are going to miss out again just like they do every single time. Now, Nvidia is measured in my opinion against two major benchmarks. Right now, year to date, Nvidia is up 24% give or take. Now, if you compare that to the S&amp;P 500, which is up 7 8% right now in that region, that's a hell of a lot better than the S&amp;P 500. No doubt it's a wonderful performance. But if you compare it to a Palunteer with 100% over the past 7 months, it's still about, you know, one quarter of what Palanteer has done. So, it didn't have a crazy year so far where you could make the argument that Nvidia is running parabolically. You can make that argument about a palunteer and I have and I did tell you that this is not going to last forever and we have a strategy in the academy of how to mitigate risk as a palunteer shareholder with a lot of profits but that's a story for a different video. In the case of Nvidia so far, you know, the year isn't crazy. They're outperforming the SP 500, but they're nowhere near the palenteers of the world. So, right there and then, okay, let's put Nvidia in the right category. very good stock, very good performers so far in 2025, but no parabolicness, no hype right now. It's absolutely doing great, but nothing beyond. Now, year to date, we're up 20 plus%. But if you take a look at the fundamentals and you cut off the share price right here, let's look at the fundamentals together. Revenue growth 87%. We're talking about trailing 12 months. Operating income up 80%. Not bad. Cash up 70%. Debt down 9%. And at the same time over the past 12 months, the price to earnings ratio of Nvidia, the PE shrunk from 50 to a Ford PE of 40. So while the business is getting better and better and better, the fundamentals are getting better and better and better and we are running at 60% operating margin which is phenomenal for a hardware manufacturer. The PE ratio is getting cheaper. So if I tell you, hey, this is a wonderful product that over the past 12 months has gotten significantly better, but it has now sold at a cheaper price because people will look at the share price. You got to look at these things as well. They complimentary. So the forward PE is actually lower than the current PE. And also with a 40 Ford 40p, it's really not one of the most expensive stocks in the market even though it's currently outperforming everything. But the big question isn't about the past. What Nvidia was able to achieve so far, I think everybody understands. The question is about the future. Can Nvidia from 2025 to 2030 do the impossible? Another 5x from here. But is it truly that impossible? Well, let's take this journey together and find out. Okay. So, one of the staples of what we do in the academy is we find companies that present to us this sort of chart. I kind of alluded to it just a second ago. A chart where you have the business improving and revenue growing by 87%. While at the same time the price coming down with P ratios coming from 50 to 40. Okay, this in the academy is considered the perfect setup. great business that's improving at a price that is decreasing. It almost never happens in the real world because people are really good at pricing the cost of cars and electronics and property, but they're really not that good with stocks. With stocks, it's a little bit harder. It's a little bit more abstract. So, the pricing fluctuates, the valuation fluctuate. That's why sometimes, not all the time, you can find deals like this in the stock market where it's improving, but the price is decreasing because of a misunderstanding. And that is exactly where Nvidia somehow is. Even though it has proven beyond a reasonable doubt that it is one of the best companies in the market, somehow the PE is shrinking and it's staying around 40, which is not that high. Now, the thing about Nvidia, it's not our first rodeo, folks. This is a video I posted about three years ago right here where I said before this huge runup, I literally said Nvidia is the ultimate stock. Okay, Nvidia, the ultimate stock. It's not a clickbaity title. It's just the truth. It's just facts. Ever since then, this stock has 10xed. It has changed lives. And I get the push back right now from people saying, "Well, Tom, that's a good call. Congratulations. But how much more can this thing run, Tom, it's already a multi- trillion dollar company. How much more upside does it have?" Right? Well, I tend to subscribe to that style of thinking. However, I always do that by using numbers, not by gut feelings. When I have a gut feeling, I go to the toilet, right? I put the numbers to the test and I see how much more. So it's not me doing this and saying I don't think a lot more or you know let's do the math and let's calculate together how much more because if it is more well then it's a whole different enchilada folks. Okay so let's take a look at this thing right here. Okay. So the whole purpose of where I'm going with this, I want to take you through a journey of where Nvidia started, what is today, and then we'll do the calculation of how much more I think it can get. Okay? So back in the '9s when I was a 9-year-old kid, right? We had graphic cards by Nvidia dominate the PC world, right? The computers, the gaming. Nvidia was all that. If you had an Nvidia, you know, uh, graphic card on your computer, you were the king of the neighborhood, right? But now, fast forward, you know, 30 years later and in 2022, the world realizes, hey, you know what? And these graphic cards that you know kids used to use for video games. Well, these graphic cards are really really good for AI for artificial intelligence because they can do multiple tasks, complex tasks at the same time. So basically the world realized you know 30 years after the PC thing happened with Nvidia. Hey if we don't have GPUs we don't have AI. Without GPUs AI can't live, can't survive, can't develop. And the one company that owns the GPU market is Nvidia, right? But and here's the important part by the way. GPU is a graphics processing unit. just put it here for those who are not aware of what it means. But essentially this whole story of how Nvidia became the most dominant hardware play in artificial intelligence as I said right here is just half the story. The real story is something that most investors still in 2025 don't fully understand and appreciate. And that story is the key to our journey today. Okay. So, Nvidia is dominating not just because of the hardware. The hardware is great. It is phenomenal. It is phenomenal. The Blackwell is a completely, you know, it's a it's a for it's a force of nature, right? However, Nvidia software is just as important. And I'll explain why. Nvidia basically has an unbeatable software stack, right? And as great as the GPUs are, if I give you a wonderful computer, if you don't have the right software to push the hardware correctly to use the graphic cards, the drivers, the updates, the operating system, if you don't have the hardware to push this, sorry, if you don't have the software to push the hardware, the hardware becomes useless. So, as great as the GPUs are, Nvidia software is just as great. In fact, CUDA, which is CUDA, should have CUDA is actually the most important mode of Nvidia, even greater than just the GPUs themselves. And I know it's weird hearing this from me saying, well, Tom, what do you mean the the black widow? No, I get it. It's the software is even a bigger moat because the software is all about the acceleration optimization the communication between the the different items and AI training. The software does the heavy lifting using this as a tool. The GPUs are the tool. The software is actually how you drive it. And this is where Nvidia dominates. And here is where nobody's even close to them because people talk about competitors. They're missing the point where this is the gap and it's getting wider and wider and wider every day. This gap is not closing. In fact, Nvidia is increasing it every single day. Now the thing about the software side of Nvidia which often gets overlooked is that it actually drives something very important for Nvidia. When I sell a blackwell chip or an H100 I get paid a lot of money but I an H100 I get paid a lot of money but I an H100 I get paid a lot of money but I get paid and that's it. Software creates for Nvidia recurring revenues. You use the entire life cycle of the chip to pump recurring revenues. Nvidia sells the printer and then it sells the ink. It is a beautiful business model. Now the thing about it is just as great as the semi sorry as great as the GPUs are right and as wonderful as they are the margin on a piece of hardware that's being sold is not as good as the margin on software. On software you're talking about better margin and recurring revenue through the entire life cycle of the chip. Right now without CUDA and this is the part I want you guys to understand without this software of Nvidia the whole thing with Nvidia becomes a commodity GPUs get commoditized without this this is the secret sauce and the thing is it's going to be very very hard to attack that if you want to disrupt Nvidia going forward and prevent it from becoming the next whatever gazillion trillion dollar company you have to attack that that is literally impossible. The entire developer community is built on CUDA. The resources, the templates, everything is built on this. Getting rid of this means you're not only replacing code, you're literally replacing the whole alphabet. You have to rewrite the whole language. The entire world is working on this. This going to be impossible to replace. It's not only about the GPUs. It's not just about the hardware. This is an important part. So now, okay, that we covered kind of the story of why Nvidia is going to remain dominant from a kind of conceptual point of view. Let me just pause here for a second and say something honest because I want you guys to understand that as much as I'm impressed with Nvidia, as much as I'm bullish with Nvidia, I I also have to say that Nvidia isn't the stock for everyone. There's a lot of everyone stocks out there and I can name a few. But Nvidia is a very particular taste. It's like old scotch. You have to love it. Okay? You have to have emotional control. You can't FOMO because it's going to have a lot of FOMO cycles. You can't panic. It's going to have a lot of drops just a few months ago, right? You have to have a lot of discipline. Okay? Only look at the thesis of the company and ignore the crazy price action. Look at what happened this year, folks. The stock was at 140 when the year started. We go down to 94 3 months later. And now we're back to 170. The whole journey here isn't for the weak of heart. You have to have a strong stomach for this roller coaster ride. And be honest with yourself. If you're not built for this, move to something else. Nvidia isn't an easy stock to hold for the next 10 years. It's going to have a lot of insanity. And if you can't handle the ride, maybe something else is in the order for you. Okay. Now let's move on. If you are still here then it means you are signing up for the joy ride. Right? Okay. So I want to go back and I want to Okay. So I want to go back and I want to Okay. So I want to go back and I want to talk to a little bit about why catching Nvidia is going to be virtually impossible. Okay. You've got the entire developer community sitting on CUDA, right? We have billions, tens of billions, hundreds of billions of projects that are writing on the success of CUDA and the GPUs. Right? If I'm running a multi-billion dollar project, I'm not going to take a chance on the second best chip, on the second best software. I want the proven, the best, the creme de creme. I only want the best. My whole thing is I'm not about to lose billions or tens of billions because of one little mistake. I'm going to take the best GPUs with the best software. Also, I want world-class support, which Nvidia is renowned for. Hardware gets the clients through the door. Software creates the revenue layers that keep on coming and keep on coming and keep on coming. But hardware and software also work together to create one of the best modes in the entire world for a company like Nvidia, making it essentially indestructible, maybe undisruptible. Now, what about the future, Tom? Is 5x really on the table for a stock like Nvidia? Well, let's take a look. Right. According to McKenzie, the next five years are going to be with $5 trillion of spending on data centers, right? So if you're talking with $5 trillion spending over the next 5 years, right? And Nvidia holds 80% of that market, right? We're talking about basically essentially a market which is expanding. So the demand is going up and Nvidia's position is getting stronger and stronger. So the TAM is expanding and Nvidia's position is getting stronger and we have the perfect setup. Okay, but how much is all of this translating to as far as revenue numbers? Because if we're talking about 5x from here, we have to take the current revenue numbers and see whether it is plausible to see it 5 6x from here. because without that none of this makes sense. Okay, so right now Nvidia is generating about $150 billion every single year which is mindblowingly insanely big number. Can't even grasp how big this is. Okay. Now, basically what we have right now is 5 years into the future, the market is going to be spending $5 trillion globally on data centers, right? Let's say in the bare case that Nvidia's market share actually drops from 80 to 60%. Okay, right here. In that case, if it's just 60% of the market, not 80, well, Nvidia is going to generate about 600 billion in revenue in 2030. Okay. How do they come up with this math? Well, 5 trillion trillion every year for the next 5 years, 60% of that, 600 billion of revenue. That's what Nvidia is going to make based on this scenario. But what if Nvidia maintains its 80% stronghold and basically stays at 80%. Well, in that case, we're talking about about $800 billion of revenue in 2030. So, we're either talking about 4x in the bare case or 5x in the bull case. And that's just revenue. Not talking about efficiencies, not talking about all the other stuff they're doing. And just looking at this alone saying, well, as long as Nvidia doesn't lose its dominance in this market and as long as the capex spend continues, two assumptions that are very very plausible because of what's going on with AI and data centers and because of how far ahead Nvidia is. I just talked about CUDA and the software, all that stuff. If that's the case, 4x 5x is not a question at all. In fact, it seems quite plausible. Now, it's not immediate. It's not tomorrow. But as Warren Buffett said, everybody wants to get rich. Nobody's willing to get rich slow. Okay. So I would say that 5x is not a heroic assumption here. Okay. Okay. So we have to look at this very very simple. Nvidia has to maintain its market share and the capex cycle has to continue. And if that's the case, then we're not talking about a moonshot. Saying that Nvidia is going to 4x or 5x from here is not a moonshot. It is based on generous assumptions that are quite plausible given what Nvidia is doing, has done the past and is doing to set it up for the future. So actually I think it's quite plausible and Nvidia already owns the next cycle. So the black wells that's a massive leap in quality, right? We now have two-year refresh cycles, which means that Nvidia gets a new roll out with new money every two years now. And it's already so much ahead, but it's already spending ahead of the demand, creating a whole new mode for this. This is not even out yet, but Nvidia is already securing supply chains. It's already securing capacity. It's already creating a mode ahead of time for the next gen. Okay. So, I would say that Nvidia's number one spot is pretty secure, at least for the next five years. What happens after that, who knows? We might not even be here. We might nukes nukes each other. Nukes nuke, I don't know. Um, the cheat code here is quite clear, right? We have the software that converts the hardware into recurring revenues. We have basically the software that secures the mode. It's bestin-class, hands down. And I think that Nvidia just has the perfect feedback loop, right? Software brings in more business. The business generates more sales of hardware which generates more sales of software. And it's just this endless loop. But it also goes to the double dip of the general loop that we have right now in the market which is essentially we have data center demand through the roof because everybody wants to develop AI and then we have so much more data capacity because the data centers so much easier to train more AI. So, we have more demand for more data centers which just creates this flywheel effect which Nvidia is benefiting from. And now it's time we take a look under the hood. Let's look at the engine. Right now, Nvidia is at 86% revenue growth. Phenomenal. We have $80 billion of net income. Chef's kiss. We have 50 billion of cash. That's an increase of 70% over the past year. Mind-blowing. We have 10 billion of debt. 10. That's it. That's an 8 and a half% decrease over the past year. 70% gross margin, 60% operating margin, and a PE of 54 that is dropping to 40 and a forward sales of 20. Company that's selling 20 times sales, which is the best class and has these numbers and has a massive upside, massive potential. And the only reason people are not going to buy it because they say, "Well, it's already did its parabolic spike. I mean, how high can it go?" Well, analyst the numbers. The numbers are not lying. The numbers are saying that there is more room to run. It's not going to be a straight line. It's not just going to be, you know, a guaranteed thing. No, it's going to be choppy. It's going to be dangerous. It's going to be volatile. Maybe doesn't happen. There's risks, of course, but it's definitely not ridiculous to assume that. Now, I've actually put Nvidia through our stock MVP scorecard. Now, the stock MVP scorecard is basically a scorecard that goes from 0 to 100. The highest score we've ever had was a 95. And if it scores quite close to that with a 90 out of 100 right here, the only place where it loses score is on the P ratio right here. It gets a zero because anything with a P of about 30 loes these points. Nvidia is at 40, not that far away. It's not talking about 200, 300p. It's actually very, very close to getting 100. We've never gotten a 100 score on this scorecard. But if there's any company that can do it, I think Nvidia is actually the closest. I've also put the company through my own scorecard and my price target. Okay. So, basically what I've done is I went through and built a whole new scorecard in which I've created different parameters and I've gone through this in the previous video, but based on my new scorecard, Nvidia currently scores 125 of 125, which is a perfect score, the highest we can get here. And based on my five-year price target, we're looking Nvidia going anywhere from 846 on the bare case. That's a 400% upside all the way to potentially $1,200, which is a 600% upside for this stock. Of course, these are just optional, no guarantees in life, certainly not in the stock market, but this is the potential that Nvidia has for the next 5 years. Now, let's move on to this. This is something I got from one of my students in the Rook Academy. And I could not have been more proud. I have a lot of students. We have 22,000 students. Some of them run multi-million dollar portfolios, 8 million, 9 million, 10 million. Some of them run smaller portfolios. But I always say that size doesn't matter, folks. And this message means more to me than anybody with a huge portfolio. And I want to read you a little part of it, right? Thank you, Tom Nash. You must get a lot of thank you notes, but I'd like to thank you with a private message in case you share it. I'm not selling for at least 10 years. Okay. Clearly a student of the academy, barring any personal life quirks, of course. I don't know which of your videos made me buy Palunteer back at $18 and then double down below $13. I ran out of money when it hit $8. But regardless, you are one that catapulted my financial outlook tremendously. I love this message, right? There's no timing the market. There's no bottom. Oh, I just bought it $6 and wrote it. It's just straight up simple dollar cost average. Finished doing the money, continue to the CA, and basically not selling for 10 years. This kind of message kind of encapsulates what we teach in the academy. Long-term investment. The idea that you can't time the market. The skills to analyze great stocks and find great stocks even when they're lying in plain sight. This was just an example. Nvidia is literally in plain sight and still completely misunderstood. and the mindset, the community. If you want to make this journey for the next 10 years and secure your financial future, if you want to get better at managing your investing portfolio and get better psychologically, emotionally, get better as far as mindset, and take the long journey, not gamble, not trade. You're not going to get stock picks. If you're willing to commit to do this with us, join our community, patreon.com/dommnash. Join the academy. become a part of our 22,000 member community and take the journey with us. Thank you so much. Hope to see you there. I'll see you next one.