============================================================
Video: JpTneUnzEAE
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: The Israel Iran conflict is going to make (smart) investors rich
Date: 2025-06-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3274
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:48.435677
============================================================

One of the most famous sayings in politics is don't ever let a good crisis go to waste. The same concept applies in investing. Right now you keep hearing about the Israel Iran situation getting worse. You're thinking oil. You're thinking defense stocks. You're thinking, "Oh my god, what's going on with the VIX?" Half of you don't even know what the VIX stands for. You're trying to figure out, okay, what do I do with my portfolio when two countries go to war and there's a massive risk of all hell breaking loose? Should I buy more? Should I sell out completely? Should I hedge? Should I literally do nothing? Now, the crazy part about this that while 90% of retail investors will do either of these two things, either play complete defense and not be in the market at all, sell out 100%, which is what most of them do when things get tough, or some of them will be buying the hype, the oil and the fence. Both are equally as bad. This is not what the top 1% investors do. Top 1% investors use things like this to get even richer. And in today's video, even though you don't have to click nothing, smash nothing, buy nothing, I'll teach you the exact blueprint of how to use this to get your portfolio up there, not play defense, not survive, actually thrive and make even more money. The idea here is very, very simple, folks. Right now, we can talk all day whether you pro this side or that side. We're talking about politics and morals and all that stuff and it's all fine and none of this is going to make you money. This is not about the war. It is not about the politics of it. It's not about the morals. Who's right? Who's wrong? It's irrelevant. We're here to talk about your money. That is the only thing that matters. Your money, your portfolio. Now, as I mentioned in the opener, going 100% cash in a time of crisis is a losing strategy long-term. And that's a proven thing. As I showed you many times before, losing the top 10 best days over 20 years is going to slash your returns by half. And guess what? These best 10 days, they often come when most investors actually sell out. So, please, for the love of God, don't do this. going 100% cash because some country invaded another country, some country is shooting at another country. That's never a good idea. And I'll show you in a second the statistics. Not making this up. Now, here's the thing. A lot of investors are going to be thinking, well, maybe we should, you know, either buy oil or buy Loheed Martin or Rathon, the war stocks. A lot of investors saying, well, maybe we should buy tech because tech is going to be beaten down. Maybe just buy the S&amp;P 500. We'll talk about that in a second. that strategy. Now, I'm going to be level with you here. It ain't the first. It ain't the last. And it's not even the worst war you're going to see in your lifetime. Over the past 50 years, we have had a lot of wars, a lot more than you can think of. In fact, over the past 30 years, we had a lot more wars than you can think of. But the thing is that the same story as far as this stock market goes plays out every single war and every single time. 90% of retail investors are not smart enough to use this. And the little tiny percentage of investors that are actually smart enough and know the strategy, they are making 90% of the money. It's the 1090 rule. The best 10% make 90% of the money. The same thing here. Same playbook. I'm just going to tell you right now, if you just study history, which I'll show you today, you don't have to study the history. I actually brought it to you. You have the playbook because the same thing repeats itself every freaking time. I want to help you. I want you to succeed. I want you to do well. That is why I'm going to show you right now. I'm not selling this information. I'm not trying to get you to pay me. I want you to just pay attention and listen. Hopefully, I'm going to help a lot of you make a lot of money. Now, over the past 20 years, I've been investing in the stock market. I've been doing fairly well for myself. You know, I talked about stocks like Palunteer among others, Nvidia and Tesla well before they shut up like crazy. In fact, the past five years, these stocks have done 1500,400%. I lost count. I had a lot of good picks. But it's not because I'm a genius. It's not because I have a crystal ball. It's because a system and discipline is worth money in the stock market. And that is why I have 20,000 members in my heroic academy that are paying me money every single day to learn the system. And also, while we're talking about geopolitics here a little bit, I actually am a geopolitics fanatic and I do have a second channel called the Tom Nash Report where I'm almost at 100,000 subscribers. So, I know geopolitics. I know the stock market. And I can tell right now that most investors will completely misunderstand what to look at. They will be looking at the smokec screen. They will be looking at politics. That's not the key. You have to follow the money. If you want to make money, especially in wartime, you got to follow the money. This is how real smart money plays war. And not the fake smart money who people telling you to buy Rathon stocks and Loheed Martin stocks. This what I'm about to show you right now. This is how rich people get richer in times of war. And it's not going to be that long because the concepts are quite simple to be honest. Right? So here is our plan of attack. It's going to be comprised from three parts. Right? Eventually while we're done with these three parts, and I know eventually is not the right word, but I'm Russian, so it's not my first language. No. Take shots at me in the comments. I don't care. At the end of the three parts, we're going to have a tactical plan to make money from this war. Plus, at the end of the video, I'm going to give you a one unicorn winner stock that basically is going to beat out everything given this new situation. So, it's actually pretty cool, but that has to come at the end because first of all, I have to show you the concepts and the principle. So, the three parts of this attack plan include number one, history. What happened in the markets in previous times? Number two, what got hit the most? What did the best the best and the worst sectors in wartime? And of course, number three, what is the top 1% strategy to get richer from wars? We're going to take one and two, combine them, and take the strategy out of them. And finally, at the end, I'm going to give you one stock which I think is going to blow everything else out of the water for the next few years given the developments in the Middle East and generally the way the world is going right now. Now, right now, we're going to go to part one, history. And I know history is a boring thing. You're all been conditioned to think that history is boring because the schools, they can't teach history. But the biggest mistake of the education system is failing to communicate that knowing history actually is worth a lot of money. If you know what happened the previous time this situation played out, that's a massive advantage. So this is the history lesson, right? War usually leads to chaos. I mean that's a fact, right? And if we have chaos and uncertainty, markets hate uncertainty, they hate chaos. So the markets should crash. Huh? not the case at all. In fact, this is what I'm talking about. Every time over the past 50 years that we had a war, we have seen an initial little dip followed by a huge bounce. And it happened within a year. This is literally the same thing that happens every time. War starts here. We have a little drop and then for the next 12 months, we're actually here. So war 30 days we hit bottom and after 35 days sorry not 30 35 days on average in 12 months we are already at all-time highs. So basically the timeline is 0 3512. If you remember this triangle you're going to make a lot of money in stocks. Now I've actually prepared some examples just so you see I'm not blowing smoke up your butt. Okay here are the examples over the past 50 years. This is hardcore data. You can check me this. So the past 50 years, the average draw down on the S&amp;P 500 after a war started was 6.4% in 10 days. That is insane. Very very harsh, right? But then after 35 days, as I mentioned, we break even on average. And by 12 months from that point, we are plus 9. So basically, if you buy here at the bottom, you're getting minus 6.4 and 9%. So you can make 15.4% 4% if you just understand this concept just by sitting in the S&amp;P 500, nothing else. And at this point, a lot of you will say, "Well, Tom, what about the past 30 years? I mean, 50 years is a long time. What happened recently?" Okay, let's take a look at the past 30 years. I got you covered. Okay, so in the past 30 years, we actually had 70 wars happen in the world, which is insane to think about. 70 wars in 30 years. Just imagine how much of a chaotic place this universe is outside the little bubble that is the United States. Okay, but we're not here to talk about that. For the past 30 years in those 70 wars, the S&amp;P 500 did 1176 1,176% 11.3% kagger, right? The NASDAQ went from a,000 to 19,000 which is absolutely insane which is 1170%. Which is an KGER of 10.9. So both of them gave us about 11% kagger in 30 years and 70 wars with the slight edge through the S&amp;P 500 with 11.3 over 10.9. Now this.3 seems like it's irrelevant. It's minuscule but when you go over 30 years the.3 different it actually becomes a huge part. But basically, this is just to show you that neither the NASDAQ nor the S&amp;P 500 give a crap about a war. Not even 70 wars. Okay? So, cool your jets. That's number one. Number two, even more interestingly, if you look at the best and the worst, you know, performing sectors in a war, and I've put them not by accident, okay, this is not an accident. Why do I say best and worst? You'll see in a second. There's a good answer. Okay, so energy the best, right? We have fears, uncertainty, supply chains, oil prices just spiked as they always do. But guess what? If you go through history and you learn previous wars, the price of oil always spikes in the beginning and then it drops the minute we have a little bit of a certainty, a peace talks, some sort of a calming down. They fall out the elevator. Look at what happened with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Oil went from 91 to 130 in March of 2022. Guess what? By December it was at 70 bucks. Okay, so betting on this and buying at 120, sure you've made a little bit in the beginning, but long term, yikes. What about defense stocks? What about Lockheed and Ray View and oh my god and Kawasaki and Yamaha? This is a reference to fear of loathing in Las Vegas, right? So, defense stock, same story, identical story, right? We have a flesh in the pan. Simple as that. 2022, Russia invades Ukraine. Loheed is up 32%. Flat within 12 months. Raian plus 22%. Mid 2023 flat. Nothing long term. Now for traders, this might not be a bad trade. This might not be a bad trade at all. But traders have already placed their bets when the word war was he, you know, that the war is about to start. When the war came out and everybody were, you know, hush hush talking about, oh my god, the war is going to start, the war is going to start, the traders actually already put their bets. Okay, buying now, you're already probably the sucker at the table. So be careful with that. But yeah, trading wise, energy and defense, chef's kiss. But again, that opportunity, I don't know if it's there yet at this point might be gone already. But that's not my game. I'm not a trader. I'm a long-term investor. Now, the worst so-called worst performer in war is tech. People afraid tech, you know, is very, very jumpy. They sell off immediately. But then tech always rebounds. 2022 Nvidia Ukraine invasion Nvidia drops from 30 sorry from 300 to 108 right guess what by 2023 it was at 500 plus Apple dropped 25% when Russia invaded Ukraine it hit all-time highs 12 months later this is just two examples but I can give you 20 200 doesn't matter the principle is the same tech outperforms long-term everything and you get a little dip because of the war which not just gives you the edge, it gives you a supercharged rocket to the moon. So you get the dip, you bring down your average and then you ride it all the way up with tech if you have patience. Same story every freaking time. Nothing changes. Okay, so let's talk about our plan. Plus, I promised you my winner stock, my unicorn stock that cannot be beaten over the next 5, 10 years given what's going on right now. Okay, number one, we understand looking at the NASDAQ, the SP500, the past 50 years, the past 30 years, war is always a buy the dip opportunity. Always, always, always, always long term. That's the same case, by the way, since 1940. Okay. We also understand that we always have a little dip which traders use, but also can be used by long-term investors like you to bring down your cost. And then we have a strong year. If you use this dip, the strong year becomes even tastier. We also understand that oil and defense are only relevant for traders as a trade, not as a long-term investor. And at this point, might be too late if you're a trader. I'm just saying. I don't know. But we also understand that the S&amp;P 500, even though it is safer and has kind of a higher floor, it actually outperforms the NASDAQ if you look at wartime performance slightly, but still outperforms. And we also know that tech cleans the house. It beats everything else. So we understand that the game plan is buy the dip, avoid oil and defense, and actually go for tech and the S&amp;P 500. Get some tech, get some S&amp;P 500, avoid this crap, buy the dip, stay in longer, do a DCA strategy, and just bite your lips and wait for a year, for 18 months, and then reap the rewards. Now the one unicorn stock I promised. We talked about the fact that we have defense stocks which enjoy the initial spike and then we talked about the tech stocks which have the long-term bounce. But Palanteer ticker PLTR actually has both. It has the defense mechanism inside because half of the business is government contracts, defense contracts, which means it will spike in times of war, which it did by the way already and it might continue to do so. But it also has a massive tech element. Half its business is literally not war related and it's probably the best AI stocks as far infrastructure to look at right now as far as the software side of things. So it has both these things. There's not a stock in the world that has these two combined like Palanteer. It is literally a unicorn that has defense and tech. And on top of it all, it was built to thrive in chaos. Palanteer makes more money when there's war, when there's chaos, when supply chains are really screwed up. Nobody know what's going on. No political stability, lots of risk. When you need Palunteer, when the world goes to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which it literally is happening right now, Palanteer makes money. They make money out of chaos. They make sense of chaos. Well, Tom, this is so unfair. They use the chaos to make money. Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Right. But Tom, but but but PE Tom, hang on a second. Okay. Look, look, look. You will never ever ever buy generational companies like a Tesla, Nvidia, Palanteer, Microsoft, you name it. You will never buy a generational company if you're going to be hyperfocusing on PE ratios. They're not for growth stocks. They're not for tech stocks. They're for Target and Walmart. The one thing you need to be looking at is how good is the business, how good is the mode, what's the total addressable market, how what what's better than the competition, what's the margin, what's the growth like, etc., etc. You have better metrics for these companies which none of these other talking heads is talking about. things like PEG, things like rule of 40, things that will give you way better understandings of company like this instead of PE ratios, things that will allow you to DCA and double down DCA into great stocks and not be thrown off by a high PE number. If you were looking at P number, you have not made any single dollar on none of these stocks for the past few years. And maybe that's okay with you. But I like my 1300% on Palunteer. I like the other stuff I've made. Now look, if you want to learn PEG, rule of 40, how to look at growth stocks, how to find the next Palunteer, the next Nvidia, join the academy. We have 20,000 members for a reason. It's not because I'm pretty, well, maybe because I am, but mainly because I teach good technique. I don't give you stock picks. I don't feed you with a spoon what to buy and what to sell. Never. I teach you a system. I teach you how to think for yourself, how to find the right companies, how to stay disciplined. I'll give you a community where you can come in and smart investors will help you not to make stupid mistakes at the worst time possible. That is why we have 20,000 members and I invite you to become one. patreon.com/dommnash. We would love to see you there. If you want to check it out, you want to give it a whirl, try it out. I would love to see you there. I'll see you in the academy. Peace.