============================================================
Video: lwOYvvr5pxY
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: The Investment Opportunity of a Lifetime
Date: 2025-11-28
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4850
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:36:06.160884
============================================================

So, you click this video because you want to get rich. I understand that and I respect that. But I also know that any idiot can get rich. Any idiot can win in a casino on the roulette table, putting it all in black or red. Any idiot can buy the accidental memecoin and all of a sudden make a lot of money. But what they can't do is to repeat that process again and again and again until they get to FU money status, which is exactly what I'm going to show you in this video. you're definitely in the right place. In this video, I'm going to show you how to get to a few generational money. And the starting point of that journey is going to be seven stocks you buy today and you hold until you get there. These are the sort of stocks you want to buy and hold for years and years. These are not some meme stocks, hype, pure vaporware. These are foundational stocks that will make millionaires and billionaires over the next decade. And this is exactly where you come in. Now look, you can make some money by being in one bull market. That's not bad. But nobody has ever made generational wealth. Nobody has ever made FU money from one bull market. That doesn't happen. If you look across history, guys like Peter Lynch, guys like Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, S&amp;Ps, all these guys have rode multiple bull markets for many, many years again and again and again because they had a repeatable process that works and that got them to where they are right now at FU money status. Now, if you want to be doing that, you have to keep identify what is the next global trend the world is going to be on. And right now, like it or not, for the next decade, it is going to be AI, artificial intelligence. Now, that means that every single stock on this list, on the list of seven stocks I'm about to share with you, has to be a part of the value chain of AI for the next decade. It doesn't mean it has to be one of the hypest stocks. It doesn't mean that everybody has to pile in. In fact, a lot of the names you're going to hear today are not on the top hype list, are not on X social media. A lot of these are what you call picks and shovel plays. The guys who sell the picks and shovels make way more money than the gold prospectors. The guy who has the toll booth makes a lot more money than the guy who scratches lottery tickets, which is the guiding principle that you have to adopt in order to make generational wealth in the stock market. and it is the starting point of today's video. Now, let's start with one of the most underrated AI sectors in existence. Even though it's not as flashy and as hypy as some of the names you've been hearing across X, Tik Tok, Instagram, wherever the kids hang out today, these names are not flashy. These names are not exciting. But they have just as much potential, if not more. And for now, they're a hell of a lot cheaper. Now, think about it. Every AI model runs on clusters that consume massive amounts of electricity, massive amounts of power. Open AAI says they want to build 250 gawatt of compute capacity in the next 10 years. That is literally more than the entire grid of India, the most populated country on Earth. This is insane. GPUs are no longer the real choke point of AI. It's now energy and nobody is talking about it. The story is not just in CPU and capacity and all that stuff. The story is where are we going to get power enough power to provide electricity for these data centers. Now, contrary to popular belief, it's not just about electricity. Yeah, that's about 50% of it. But the other 50% of energy has to do with cooling. These data centers provide massive amounts of heat. There needs to be something that cools this whole thing and cooling it requires a lot of electricity as well which is the other half this whole story. So it's 50% electricity 50% cooling. Now let's start with our first company and it is in energy. Obviously I made the whole introduction and specifically it is in electricity. Now, there's a lot of pretenders in the sector claiming that they are the future of powering data centers. And while I don't disagree and I don't want to knock anybody down, I think there's one clear leader, one clear ultimate company that basically is above everything else. And I've shared this with my community nine months ago. Nine months ago, I added this stock to my top stocks list in the Rock Academy. The stock was trading at $210. Now 9 months later, it's up 70% trading at a whopping 350. But guess what? This is only the start. If this company actually powers data centers for the next decade, it ain't nothing yet. The company is called Constellation Energy. The ticker is CEG. And let's look into its fundamental first. Now, saying that CEG has strong fundamentals, it's a little bit of an understatement. We're talking about a hundred billion dollar company, $4.5 billion of operating income per year, and it's trading 40 forward PE and it actually scores 80 out of 100 on the stock MVP scorecard. Stock-V.com, a platform I've built for you guys to be able to evaluate stock exactly like this. We have the scorecard, we have the DCF calculator, we have every single company scorecards. It's all there for you. Go get it right now. Now, it's not just about the fundamentals. Obviously, the fundamentals for this company are extremely strong, but to be on this list, it's not enough for you to be a great company today. You have to be set up for success for the next decade, which is exactly what I want to talk to today. The Constellation runs the largest nuclear power grid in the United States. We're talking about a 95% carbon-f free target for 2030. And they're operating at 95% which basically means that they're on 24/7 almost 24/7 which is exactly what hungry power hungry data centers need. Now these guys can provide cheap reliable energy and they can scale up and up and up as much as these data centers need without increasing carbon and emissions and all that stuff. This is perfect. That is why in June of 2025, Meta actually signed a monumental deal with CEG after we put it on our list, saying, "Hey folks, we're going to take one of your power plants, one of your nuclear power plants, and we're going to rent it out for the next 20 years exclusively for ourselves." Now, I think this is just the first deal out of many in this sector, putting CEG right at the driver's seat as one of the best picks and shovel plays in AI without all the hype. Now, just to be clear, the fact that CEG is first on this list means absolutely squat nothing. CEG was first, but it could have been last. It's as random as grandpa's choice of wardrobe for this next upcoming Christmas party, and trust me, you definitely don't want to see that. Now, let's talk about the next company. We're staying in the energy sector, but now we're going to cooling. Now, in cooling, as I explained in the beginning of this video, you have a massive, massive choke point just as much as electricity. One company here stands above the rest. One company is elite. The other ones are good. But I'm always looking for the leader, for the numero owner. Right now, I shared this talk again with my ROIC Academy members a few months ago. in fact in June this year and I said, "Hey, these guys are going to be the top dog in cooling of data centers." Now, the stock price was $108 when I talked about it. Now, it's up 50% trading at 164 per share as of the making of this video. The company is called Vertive. The ticker is VRT. And let's look at the fundamentals right now. Now, right here, you're going to also see phenomenal numbers. The fundamentals are some of the strongest we have ever seen. We have revenue growth of 100% of the past 5 years, $8.5 billion of annual sales. We have net income growth over the past year of 65%. That is insane. And when you factor in the fact that it scores 80 out of 100 on the stock MVP scorecard, it makes the numbers look even better. This is an elite company that's operating at an elite level, which is something that I absolutely love seeing. Now VRT sits exactly exactly at the focal point of the data center cooling story. They provide what you call liquidbased solutions. Immersive liquidbased data centers that don't need classic air conditioning. This is not some niche product folks. I just want to explain it to you. This is massive. This is the Nvidia of the cooling industry. As far as data center go, they already own 25% of the entire cooling market of data centers, which is number one. Nobody comes even close to number two. And that number is actually growing every single day. With data centers growing and getting bigger and more demanding, air cooling is just not enough. That is why every new data center that's being built right now is built with liquid cooling. Now in liquid cooling there's one clear company that's basically leading the pack which is VRT Vertive which means that if the AI story continues to grow and data centers are continue to be built which seems pretty likely at this point VRT is going to keep being one of the best infrastructure plays for AI and yet some of the least less known under the radar stocks to be in if you want to be in the AI picks and shovels. That is why VRT is number two on a random order list. Next up on the list is GPUs, the building blocks of AI. Now, think about it this way. A regular computer is like your typical chef, right? The chef works on a recipe. It works in sequence. Action A, action B, action C, action D, etc., etc. AI models are fundamentally different than that. The modern AI is basically one giant calculator operated by a stadium of workers doing math to solve one single problem at the same time. It has to be able to do millions if not billions of these tiny calculations in sequence at time at random order on vast amounts of data at the same time. Now, a few years ago, if you would asked me what a GPU is, I would have said, "Look, it's a graphic processing unit. Kids use this for video games, for better graphics." But over the past few years, we've realized that GPUs are built exactly to handle all of these complex tasks. We have literally fell ass backwards into a solution to artificial intelligence through video games, which is something I always claim to my parents. Hey, these video games are going to help me one day. And look, they've created GPUs, which is the building block of AI. They allow these AI models to make more and more calculations at the same time. They allow hyperscalers to scale at these enormous numbers that you're seeing right now. But again, without GPUs, there is no AI. And guess which company which company has this industries? by the WVOS. If you guessed Nvidia, ticker NVDA, you are correct. Now, look, you've probably heard about Nvidia. I get it. But how many of you actually looked into the fundamentals? And how many of you actually looked at the valuation of this company? Because if you haven't, I'm about to shock and absolutely all your world. I don't know if you can say all your world, but we're going to do that, right? So, you have 86% revenue. Hey, nothing crazy, right? 72 billion of free cash flow per year, 53 billion of cash lying around, and a 60% operating margin. All that with a score of 90 on the stock MVP scorecard, one of the highest scores we've ever seen. All that is trading at 43 forward PE. That's almost unthinkable how cheap this company is given how insane its fundamentals are and given what I'm about to show you about its future. Now, as I said, it's not just about the current fundamentals, which are definitely out of this world. Nvidia actually has the pole position of the next decade. As far as any company goes, they are controlling somewhere between 80 and 90% of the GPU market. Depends on who you ask. If you pop up in any literally any data center in the world, you're going to see pretty much 95% Nvidia logos in those computers. Now, we are heading into what seems to be a multi- trillion dollar spending cycle on AI compute. And as long as AI keeps scaling, which seems to be reasonable at this point, Nvidia keeps winning no matter who wins the LLM wars. This is the toll road. This is the classic pick and shovel plays in every single AIdriven portfolio. Now for the fourth company on this list, we have to talk about the software layer. We talked about electricity cooling and we talked about the compute. But what about the software? You have the hardware, you have the services, but what about the software at the heart of this whole thing, right? If you can guess ahead which company I'm alluding to, and don't cheat. Don't skip ahead and then comment. Comment now, you'll get a reward. You'll get to spend the weekend trying to bail grandpa out of prison. And that probably happens towards the end of this year as we head into Christmas. But more on that towards the end of the video. Now, while everybody is obsessed with GPUs, rightfully so, data centers, rightfully so, electricity and cooling, rightfully so, that's very important. But guess what? Without the right piece of software, none of this hardware is anything besides expensive junk, expensive metal and plastic. On its own, AI doesn't know you. It doesn't know your business. It doesn't know how many factories you have. It doesn't know how to work with your supply chain, how to speak your language. All AI does is really, really good math. But you have to have the right software to operate AI and get as much juice of it as you possibly can. And that is exactly what we're going to talk about in this number four part. Now, if you guess Palanteer, ticker PLTR, you win a weekend with grandpa. More on that later. Now, as always, we're going to start by looking at the fundamentals. Now, revenue grew by 90% here over the past three years. Free cash flow is up 500% for the same period. And we have $5 billion of cash virtually with no debt and an operating margin of now north of 20%. It has solid fundamentals and a score of 90 on the stock MVP scorecard just like Nvidia which puts it at a very elite club. We have about four or five companies that ever hit 90. Palunteer is definitely one of them. And the future for Palunteer actually looks even better than these extremely strong fundamentals. Stay with me. I'm about to show you right now. Now look, Palunteer doesn't build GPUs. It doesn't cool your data centers. It doesn't provide electricity. It actually sits on top of the hardware layer. But it is just as important because without Palanteer, without the right operating system, you can't make money from AI. It's as simple as that. Now AI is some sort of a new brain. It is the new brain of our economy. But the software is the driver that actually helps those brain to think in the right direction. Without that, there is almost no value in this fancymancy AI. And much like Nvidia with GPUs, guess what? Palanteer monopolizes the software world like you've never seen before. Every single company in the world wants Palanteer AIP. Every single company and organization in the world needs that. And if you don't have that, you're way behind. Now, this is the sort of stock you want in your portfolio for the same exact reasons Nvidia is in it. It's a picks and shovels play. It's an infrastructure foundational play. As long as AI keeps growing, Palanteer is going to keep winning no matter who the LLM that takes over the world is. In fact, as I'm about to show you in a second, LLMs in general, much like OpenAI, is about to get commoditized the hell out of AI, and we're pretty much talking about the USB cable in 5 years. The real money is the infrastructure, not the LLM. Now, the number five company on this list really excites me. This is the physical layer of AI. I absolutely love this. We're so used to thinking of AI as some sort of a piece of software, of some sort of a piece of code, but what about the physical manifestation of AI? How exciting is that? And I'm of course talking about humanoid robotics. And of course, I'm talking about Tesla, DSLA, if you didn't know the ticker. I'm shocked if you didn't, but yeah, think about it. Right now, AI mostly resides in large language models, LLMs, Chad GPT or Gemini or whatever, right? But the global economy will run just like it does today on human labor will eventually run on human robotics. It's inevitable. Humans do the work. Humans need to get paid. They take cigarette breaks. They take lunch breaks. They get horny. They get sick. They just skip work to go to a concert. They're extremely unreliable as a workforce. Imagine a humanoid robot that literally fits in the same working space. same doors, same machinery, same everything. It's built literally like a human being, but it doesn't get paid. It doesn't need breaks. It doesn't need food. It doesn't need toilet breaks. It doesn't talk on the phone. It's not rude to you. And it's a fraction of the cost of training an employee because all the training happens over the air through a software update. That is insane. You have to consider the impact of millions and millions of these human robots on the economy. And guess what? The company that currently leads the race is Tesla. And there's a good reason why. Now, we obviously will start as always looking at the drive fundamentals, but I'll talk about why they're leading that. Tesla on a standalone basis with fundamentals is impressive. Maybe not as impressive as Nvidia or Palunteer. It has certain issues with fundamentals right now, but that's because they're phasing out the old legacy business and they're moving to the new stuff I just kind of alluded to. But even that doesn't prevent Tesla from having good fundamentals, right? Over the past 5 years, total revenue grew from 67 to 93 billion. Obviously, that's the auto business, the legacy business. We had a 225 increase in cash flow over the past 12 months. And now Tesla is sitting on $ 37 billion of cash and virtually very little debt, which is going to allow Tesla to pour endless amounts of money into developing these human robotics. Even with their phase out shortcomings on fundamentals, Tesla still scores 80 out of 100 on their stock MVP scorecard, which is extremely high. But the main reason I put Tesla on this list isn't the fundamentals. Yes, they're great, and we can talk about robot taxi and FSD and energy and all that. This is multi- trillion dollar businesses. Now, as we speak, Tesla is currently positioning itself to be the world's best at human robotics. Think about it. Tesla has expertise in energy, in battery tech, in vision sensors, in AI that thinks and adapts on the fly, FSD. Tesla has the industry leading expertise in manufacturing. And they already have all of this extra horsepower with the 37 billion they have lying around. They have a CEO that's not afraid to spend cash on crazy projects. They have everything it takes and some to be the world's number one. Now, of course, there are potential competitors, but none of them have the exact set of tools that Tesla has. The 40 billion, the human resource, the brain power, the crazy CEO that wants to get it done, the expertise in energy and manufacturing and production and vision sensors and AI. On top of that, of course, you can't deny the greatness of the Russian human robot we've seen a few days ago, which is definitely the main competitor here. But jokes aside, while everybody's fixated on delivery numbers for the auto industry, nobody is actually paying attention that Tesla is building the physical layer of AI and Tesla is putting itself again in the pole position for that new industry. And that's why Tesla is on that list. And as we get to number six on this list, we have to talk about cyber security. Yes, every time you add more complexity into the AI system, every time you're adding more and more layers, you're of course adding more exposure, more attack angles for really bad people, for hackers, for for an organization, you name it, right? The more AI and complexity you add, the more exposed you are. It's just a matter of fact. And with the help of AI, attackers can actually destroy your entire business in a Sunday afternoon on a Tuesday. Now that is why cyber security is on this list and that is why a company by the name of Crowdstrike ticker CRWD is on this list. Now as always let's hit the fundamentals first then we'll talk about the future. Now Crowd Strike has revenue growth of 26% right now. A billion a year of free cash flow and 4.6 billion of cash as well as gross profit of 74%. and it pretty much has one of the best scores we've seen on the scorecard with 90 out of 100 just like Nvidia just like Palanteer putting it at an elite club. But again, even though they have solid fundamentals and elite score number on the stock MVP scorecard, that's not why they're number six on this list. The reason is the future. Now, every part of AI development makes security harder. You have more employees logging on from different continents, different factories. Everything is automated. Everything is on the cloud. Security, data security becomes an absolute nightmare. That is exactly where CrowdStrike comes in. Instead of selling you an anti virus like in the '9s, you basically run a cloud-based platform that considers trillions of events at a single moment. It learns from every single customer, every single login, and it pushes protection to the next level on your endpoint security. Basically what you have here is that as Nvidia is selling compute, CG is selling electricity, VRT is cooling the whole thing, Piloter is basically the software, the operating software, Tesla is the physical implementation with human robotics. Crowd Strike keeps this whole thing from being hijacked by really really bad people. Now, that is why out of all the names you could pick, CrowdStrike is the one that has to be on this list because just like Nvidia, Palanteer, CG, and all these other companies, they are the top dog in their industry and there's not even close number two here. Finally, at number seven, again, random order, we have to talk about the distribution. And when we say distribution, there's only one company I can think of, and if you can guess it, comment below. That company is Microsoft, ticker MSFT. Yes, I know they've been around for decades. I get it. But hear me out. Microsoft scores 80 of 100 on our scorecard, which is phenomenal. The sales are up 95% over the past 5 years. Free cash flow is up 60% for the same period. This is a massive company. And they're now currently growing at double digits with $80 billion of cash, operating margin of almost 50%. and a forward PE of 32. Oh my goodness, this is no-brainer just purely on the fundamentals in any portfolio. But this, like in the previous instances, isn't just about the fundamentals. It's about the future. And as good as the numbers are today, hear me out about the future. Now, I'm not going to say anything about OpenAI because OpenAI to me is a commodity waiting to happen, I don't care about OpenAI. That's not the reason Microsoft is on this list. I'm going to shock you. Now, we have been talking a lot about the picks and shovel plays of the AI industry. We've been talking about companies like CG and Palunteer and Tesla and Nvidia. But think about it. All this AI has to be hosted somewhere. It has to sit somewhere. Microsoft is the fastest growing cloud provider in the world. Yes, faster than AWS. Faster than anybody else. They will be number one and it's not going to take long for them to be that. Every major AI workload right now needs cloud to operate on. Microsoft Azour is already a $75 billion business. The actual business, the Azour business is growing at 40% per year. This will be the top dog of cloud services. There's not even question about it. That's exactly why you want to own it for the next decade. Which basically brings us to one simple understanding. Nvidia is the compute brain. CG and VRT, they power and cool the system. Palunteer gives us the operating system. Tesla gives us the physical body to run AI. Crowd Strike is the immune system and Microsoft is the landlord where all this is happening. Now, all you got to do for the next 10 years is hold these companies dollar cost average, which basically means buy at all times and double down when these stocks drop 20% below its most recent 52- week high. and you continue to re-evaluate every few months to see if the thesis still holds. Just like the spin cycle on your washing machine, you have to keep doing it again and again and again every single day. It's pretty boring. It's pretty tedious. Just like cleaning your house. It's not fun. It's not exciting. But that's how generational wealth is made. Now, there is an uncomfortable truth here, right? Knowing these names alone isn't going to make you rich. It's not. What makes you rich is being able to handle the next crash. What makes you rich is being able to handle the next hype and FOMO cycle when everybody's piling in at incredible prices. What makes you rich is not reacting to every single stupid headline. Now look, these things don't fit in a YouTube video. Just like you wouldn't expect to go to one session at the gym and become Mr. Olympia, you have to do it again and again and again. You have to do it for months, probably for years for you to get excellent at this. If you want to be a world-class bodybuilder, you have to dedicate yourself to the right process. If you want to be a world-class investor, you have to do the same thing. That is why every single stock on this list have made my community a lot of money. We're up 200% on Tesla, 1,200% Nvidia, 1,500% on Palunteer. We're up 183% on CrowdCe. We're up 130% on Microsoft. up 72% on CAG and we're up 59% on VRT since I've added it to my top stocks list in my academy. If you want to learn the process, if you want to learn the system, if you want to get better at this, you have to dedicate yourself and dedicate some resources to getting better at the process, I invite you to join the academy, pay patreon.com/domnash. It's not cheap. It's not for everyone. If you're looking for a quick get-richqu scheme, it ain't it. If you're looking for trading and options, it ain't it. If you want to learn how to get better at this for the next decade, to do this the right way, the patient, the boring way, join us academy. Would love to see you there. And I'll see you in the next one. This