============================================================
Video: aSGpkxphE4o
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Don't Fall For It.
Date: 2025-05-02
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2965
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:41:16.414975
============================================================

This is not an easy market to invest in, folks. This is complete chaos. We had a month and a half of total red and complete depression mode from the market. Everybody were selling everything. The world was ending. Now we had a couple of weeks of complete green, consecutive green days. And now a lot of people are confused. This is not an easy thing to figure out, folks. A lot of mess to untangle in today's video. But guess what? If you watch today's video, you're going to get an edge over 90% of retail investors that don't know the things I will explain in today's video. So, let's hit the road right away. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. The first rule of investing, folks, is expect the unexpected. Crazy will happen in the stock market whenever you least expect it. The stock market can stay crazy and irrational a lot longer than all of you and myself included can stay solvent. The market can stay crazy and unpredictable for long stretches of time. And timing that market is a very unrewarding exercise and over the past three months that lesson was learned very very well. Now here's the thing. Emotions right now run extremely high. Let me explain. Because we had such a long red wave and now such a sustainable green wave, people have been basically switching up to two camps. My DMs right now split one way or the other. There's absolutely no middle at all like politics. People are either in my DMs convincing me that this is the time to buy before the stock market goes absolutely to the moon, complete FOMO, or the other 50% is convincing me in my own DMs that this is the beginning of the end and the rug is about to be pulled and this is the time to sell everything. People have basically split into these two camps trying to advocate for either the end of the world or the beginning of the next face ripper rally. So, how to break this down, folks? We're going to look at three things here that have nothing to do with headlines, nothing to do with emotions, nothing to do with predictions. We will look at the data and the objective facts. We will look at the macroeconomics, we will look at geopolitics, and we will look at fundamentals. At the end of this analysis, you will have a much better picture about what's going on in this market and a much better strategy on how to use this to thrive than 90% of retail investors in the market right now. So, let's get this done. Okay. Number one, follow me here. Let's look at this. So basically right now if we start with the first culprit of where this whole sandwich started that was the trade war with China the tariffs deliberation day that was the kickoff date of this whole mess we have seen before the market got green again right so what has changed what's the current status update on the tariff war on the trade war let's actually look at this so trade tensions right now absolutely no change right trade you know trade deals have been discussed. Some of them are close to getting done. But the main issue which is the trade issues between the US and China have not been resolved. And even though there were talks about a potential alleviation in the approach by the US, no deals have been made. No deals have been announced and neither side have shown any indication about stepping back and basically phasing this out. So, as far as the trade tensions between the US and China, absolutely no change from when the world was ending just a couple weeks ago. Number two, you remember that 90-day pause that sent the market initially spiking up? That was beautiful. That was amazing. But nevertheless, that is about to expire and we haven't seen any progress to justify the euphoria we're seeing right now. Now, of course, they can give it another 90-day exemption or pause, but that is more uncertainty and more risk. We're talking here about risks, not about certain things. Now, overall, on top of this trade wars, we do have other risks as well that we can't just ignore. We have inflation basically well above 2%, we're still not at the target rate for inflation. Number two, GDP numbers are disappointing according to the latest update. And the job numbers we just got well also were a lot worse than the expectation. So overall, you know, we have tariffs, inflation, and GDP issues right here in the risk factors not doing so well. Now these of course are risks. There's no certainty that they will materialize to anything. But nevertheless, the significance of this is dramatic. If these things actually come to fruition, the state of the economy is not going to be good. Now, let's take a look at the macro because the macro has its own existence outside of the tariffs, right? So, on the macro side, GDP numbers, we just got the latest update, not great. Job numbers, not great. We have the fiscal deficit. I mean, Doge has been doing a good work, but that's just a drop in the ocean. I mean, the fiscal deficit is actually a thing. On top of it, we have still high interest rates and the Fed has shown no indications about actually coming forward and helping this government basically high interest for a lot longer. And on top of this, we still have inflation quite higher than 2%. So on the macro side, not a lot of good news recently. Now let's also look at the trifecta here, right? What about the geopolitics, bro? Well, geopolitically speaking, things are not great as well, right? We have the China Taiwan tensions. Those existed before. They still exist right now. I mean, nothing really happened. I mean, the China Taiwan ex you know, tensions, they still exist and there's still a thing. Again, just a risk, but nothing has changed. The Ukrainian Russia war, well, that hasn't resolved yet. I mean, Trump has talked a big game, but the war still continues. He said he's going to end the war, but it's still there. Well, Gaza and Israel, that's still going on. Nothing has changed on those three issues. China, Taiwan tensions, Ukraine, Russia, and Gaza, Israel. All of these things are still going on. There's no resolution in either of these that will justify the market basically flying up. Now, let's continue with this analysis. Okay. So, right now, on top of all these great data points from the macro side, from the geopolitics side, from the tariff and the trade war side, all great news, being cynical here, of course. On top of this, the market isn't really cheap. We're coming off two and a half years of 60% in the stock market, which is absolutely way above average, and we know averages have this magnetic pull. There's a basically reversal to the mean. At some point, this has to happen. On the other side, we have 28 PE on the S&amp;P 500. Right. Now, the 28p here is a real concerning sign because historically speaking, that's a very high PE for the stock market. And when that happens, usually the next few years are not great. But then again, that's not one factor that decides everything. Just another factor in the sea of risks we have to acknowledge. And of course, valuations right now are quite stretched. High multiples. Just take a look at a stock like Palanteer or what is astronomic B. But that's not the only stock that has that. The markets are really loving these AI companies, the tech businesses and all that. And the valuations are pretty stretched. Now basically if we take a look at what's going on right now right lots and lots of risk geopolitical risks trade wars the macro is shaky and on top of it the market valuations are quite stretched the market isn't cheap so what's the right strategy to handle this right let's be adults here let's not be kids let's not you know talk about emotions and gut feelings what's the right strategy well number one is the right strategy to completely sell out of the market get out right Now, with everything you said, Tom, I mean, you sound like you're very bearish about this market. Why not sell? Well, I didn't say I'm bearish. I said there's a lot of risks. I am a sort of guy that looks at risks and does not ignore them if they don't fit my narrative. I'm still quite bullish on the market long term. In fact, I'm very bullish on the market long term, but I'm not going to be like an ostrich trying to ignore short-term risks. But in that case, why just not sell out and wait it out? Well, that strategy over the past 100 years have proven itself to be the worst thing you can do to yourself as an investor. If you missed the top 10 days over the past 20 years, that's 365 days per year. 20 times you've missed 10 days out of that whole time, your return will be slashed by 50%. Missing the top 10 days in the market will cost you 50%. That is massive. You don't want to be out of the market. You want to be in the market. Time in the market is critical. You never want to be, you know, you never want to be on the sidelines trying to time the perfect dip. And that's something that Peter Lynch said multiple times. There's so much money that has been lost waiting for a correction, way more than money that was actually lost during a correction. So, what I suggest is a hybrid approach. My hybrid approach is very simple. We're going to mitigate the risks while not timing the market. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is where we get to the interesting part. So, let's take a look at this thing right here, right? The hybrid approach I want to talk to you about today. And I do have a stock I do have a stock that I want you to take a look at which will be a little bit later in this video. But the hybrid approach is very simple. Step one, trim 30% of winners. If you have something that you're sitting on that over the past two years given you 200, 300, 400%, if you've made a lot of money in the stock market on a stock like Palanteer, for example, and yes, I just said Palanteer, it's not blasphemous. If you're sitting on massive gains, trim 30%. This would be a good time to trim 30% and to manage the risk. It has nothing to do with conviction. It has nothing to do with continuing to dollars across average. It's just risk management short-term and adding more cash so you can deploy more and DCA and if the stock keeps on running well you still make money because 70% investment is still there. Number two folks number two is locate recessionp proof companies to add to your stable. If you're thinking that bad times might be coming if there is such a risk you want to diversify your portfolio into recessionp proof stocks. that just r you know rationale logic and of course number three step three continue to dollar cost average at all times which means buying nonstop slowly non-stop whatever happens we don't stop investing we don't sell out we continue to DCA as we add in more recession proof companies and as we trim our winners to buy some insurance now let's take a look at this thing right here so why not just sell 100% of your portfolio let's talk about that for a second because I know even though I explained this, a lot of you are still having that thought in the back of your mind. Why not just sell out? Well, let me explain something. If you predict the stock market, you're going to lose. There is no way to predict the shortterm stock market movements. Nobody in the history of mankind has been ever able to do so without insider trading. And that actually sends you to prison. So unless you want to go to prison or you have a time machine, you're not going to be able to predict. So don't predict, prepare. Now markets can stay crazy a lot longer than you can actually stay solvent. Markets have taken down a lot of people who thought there's no way this market can go up. There's no way this market can go down. It will take your lunch money. It will take your pants. It will take your house. It will take your underwear. Rely on facts, not on forecasts. There is no way to forecast short-term movements in the stock market. So if you can't do that, what can you do? Well, it's very simple. You need recessionp proof companies to invest into. We've talked about the fact that you trim 30%, if you have a lot of gainers, 200, 300% up, trim a little bit, and continue to DCA into these companies. You don't sell out. Right? Now, we also talked about this thing. Find companies that will do well if everything goes to the crapper. If the economy goes into the toilet and everything basically goes to shits, find companies that will be absolutely agnostic to that specific situation. There's not a lot of them out there, but they are. I'll show you one in a second, right? Companies with recurring revenues, companies with high switching costs, which means it's not easy to leave the companies. companies with the B2B not B2C relationships where they actually sell to businesses, companies with low debt, companies with high cash, companies with high free cash flow and companies with recession agnostic sales. Basically, companies whose sales partially or in whole are not dependent on how good the economy is. Now, I've basically just described to you a stock that you all know and that stock, drum roll please, is Palunteer, folks. Palunteer is exactly that stock sock. A lot of people ask me, well, Tom, why do you still invest in Palunteer? How much can you talk about Palanteer? Every time you say Palanteer, we're going to take a shot. You can do whatever you want. But look at Palunteer defensive and government sales. That's 50% of Palunteer's entire business. Not recession related at all. If the economy goes to the toilet, these defense and government sales stay there like a hot blanket on a cold day. That's recession proof. sticky business. Their company that absolutely do not lose clients. It's a B2B. They don't sell to customers. They sell to businesses. The average spend for the top 20 client of Palunteer is about $50 million. That's for the top 20 clients. They are in the biggest secular trend of them all. AI and big data. Four times more cash than debt. A moat that pretty much makes them a monopoly. and a top three CEO in the world makes this stock into a recessionp proof business that you want to diversify into in order to prep your portfolio for possibly bad times ahead. Not saying to form into this, not saying to buy all in and sell your house, saying to slowly DCA and diversify into this stock if you haven't yet slowly because it can also crash 50% in two months. It did the same thing. It was at 115 and dropped to 70 in just a matter of a few weeks. This is a very volatile stock. Slow down. You'll have your chances to buy at cheap. Now, the key takeaways here are very, very simple, folks. Very simple. Zero panic. Zero panic over headlines. You can read headlines, use this as entertainment, get some popcorn. Zero panic. You have to understand the macro, folks. Understand macro. Read about macro. But don't obsess about macro. This is not everything. This is just part of the story. Stay cool. Don't gamble. Stay on track. DCA, dollar cost average into the afterlife. Buy non-stop, slow buy resistant businesses to recession. Trim winners. If you do these things right here, you'll be fine. As simple as that. This ain't rocket science. It's not that complicated. It's actually quite simple, but it is still very very hard for retail investors to follow this method because of psychological bias because of emotional bias because of how media makes you absolutely emotional. All of these things you got to ignore this. Stay on track, stay focused, stay analytical, stay logical. Watch this lecture again and again every night before you go to bed. That way you actually counter what the media is doing to you. And if you want to get more of this, join our academy patreon.comtomnash. We have a few spots left in the academy. By the end of the next two weeks, we are moving to a new website in which the prices will double. If you book your spot right now, you will save and grandfather your original price, which will be half the price in about two weeks for life. So, join the academy. We'll teach you all of these principles. We'll give you community that will have your back in tough times. We'll teach you how to do this for real. I'll see you there in just a second.