============================================================
Video: l-o6dKKbu_g
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: The Investment Opportunity of a Lifetime (Don’t Miss It)
Date: 2025-04-07
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3759
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:42:10.727445
============================================================

This is the most important list I've ever made my life. It was made four years ago and it has generated me wealth of epic proportions. Generational wealth right here. And the crazy part about it is that this list today is just as relevant, if not more relevant, when I made it back in 2021. I'll talk about that in just a second. Now, before we go through the list, and I know you want to hear that, but trust me, we have to go through the stages. Today is probably the most important video I've ever made for my almost 500,000 subscribers. I want you to pay attention. So, don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen to me today. Right? my original wish list, which I'll talk about in just a second, that was made in the midst of the greatest hype cycle to date. 2021 was absolutely insane. Everybody was making money left and right, hand over fist, Ferraris, Lambos, and at the peak of that hype cycle, I've made a list of stocks I'm going to be buying like crazy when the market corrects because inevitably, I've showed you market cycles are eternal. They're undefeated. They're like father time. Market cycles will always always continue to do the same thing. And as we were hitting peak, I was preparing for the correction. Now, I was not predicting the correction. I had no idea when it's going to happen, but I knew it was bound to happen. And that list right here was me preparing, not predicting. And that preparation have made me and my audience a lot of money. And today I'm going to do the same thing for you if you just listen up. Now the reason I've made that list in December of 2021 is because the PE ratio, the price to earnings ratio of the S&amp;P 500 was almost 30. Statistically speaking, whenever the S&amp;P goes above 25 PE, it increases the likelihood of a correction exponentially. In fact, for the next three years, the average return post a 25p and above is almost guaranteed to be negative. So when I saw this as a warning sign in December 2021, I started prepping. Now, the problem with this indicator is that it's been flashing red for the past 12 months. The PE on the S&amp;P 500 was this high since the beginning of 2024. And if I had sold out in the beginning of 2024, I would have missed out on the huge, massive bull run we've seen over the past 12 months. That's not the solution. This indicator isn't about you selling out of the market. It's basically letting you know, hey, a correction is coming. When? Next week, next year, next month, but it is coming and it's getting closer. There's no point in trying to time this because timing the market is not a smart thing to do. It's almost impossible and it's pretty much just as gambling. So when we saw this flashing red over the past year, we started prepping and my community knows that over the past year I've been beating this drama in their weekly zoom calls telling people, "Hey, this is a good time to start trimming, start preparing, sell a third." In fact, actually made a video when Palunteer was at $115 just about 10 days before the top. Not right at the top, but very close to the top selling. Hey, this is a good time to start trimming 10, 20, 30% because Palunteer might pull back 50%. How bad will you feel if Palunteer drops to $40 per share? I see zero issues with people selling 10% 20% 30% of their Palunteer position just so they can say, "Look, if the stock collapses, I already took 30% off and I'm already covered. And if the stock continues to fly, well, I still have my 70% in play, which means I'm going to enjoy the vast majority of the bull run. So, I'm in a win-win position. So, buying some insurance, getting rid of 10%, 20%, 30% is not a bad thing. So, I've been warning about this. I've did my best to let you know, hey, we don't know what's coming, but if you're up a lot on these stocks, the good, smart decision was to start trimming. I actually said my video. Now, this isn't about me saying how I was right about this. it's not going to make you money. So, listen up. We're actually going to do some actionable things that going to help you to make money in whatever it is coming right now. So, right now, a lot of people are wondering whether they should sell out of the market. Get out. We'll talk about that in a second as well. I'll tell you whether it's a good idea to sell, to stay, to double down. What should you do? We'll talk all about it. Don't worry. Now, for those of you who are concerned about what's coming, I know you're looking at the index, S&amp;P, NASDAQ, the Dow, everything is red. Kramer out there screaming about this being the Black Monday 2.0 of 1987 and everybody's screaming that this is the end of the world. Now sure this is not the end of the world. I promise you this is not the end of the world. I promise you this is not the end of the stock market. A lot of these so-called experts have been telling you that this time is different for the past 50 years. Every time we had a little correction, people pop out telling you this time is different. this time because ABC it's not going to be like the previous 100 years. And guess what? Every time they're proven wrong. So this is not different. In case you are wondering, no, this is not the end of the stock market. And none of this is unique. All of this keeps happening over the past 50 years. I'll show you exactly all of this and what's the best strategy to handle this. So next time you pop a Tik Tok or Instagram and somebody's explaining that this this time is different. These guys have been around for the past 50 years. Ignore them. Be smart. be logical. Now, it doesn't mean that you have to be complacent and ignore what's going on and not prepare and not strategize. I didn't say that. I'm just saying that thinking that this is apocalypse. That's not the case. Every time they predict this is different and every time it ain't different. Now, I don't know what happens next. I honestly don't. Maybe the market recovers and flies back up. Maybe it crashes. I don't know. What I do know, there's a lot of panic right now on the streets. And when there's panic, usually that's a sign that it's going to be a really good time to start slowly investing into great companies. Because over the past 100 years, people have done the same thing. Every time there was panic, every time there was fear, people were selling out. There's always a reason to sell. Look at the S&amp;P 500. Every few years, there's a huge reason to sell. And every time the smart investors have been loading up the boat while the people who were freaking out were selling out. None of this is different. Now, in case you're wondering what's on my 2022 wish list, I'll tell you all about it. In fact, I think it's important, you know, because these stocks are just as important as just as relevant today, if not more than they were in 2020, 2021,22. So, the list is valuable, but I don't want to give it away right now. Not because I'm trying to get you to stay on the video. You can, you know, forward and go to the end the video and watch it. That's not the point. But I urge you not to do it because I want to show you the process and go through the process with you so you understand the strategy, the principles, so you can make your own list. The problem here is that if I give you the list as is, you're going to end up buying the same stocks. And that's not the point. I want you to think. I'm not here to to give you buy alerts and to feed you fish. I'm here to teach you how to fish. I'm here to teach you how to think for yourself, develop your own process. So before we go through the list, which I'll give to you, I promise. Bear with me here because I want you to understand what's going on and understand how to compile this list. It's not that simple. So stick with me for the next few minutes. Look, right now the future is absolutely off the wall. In fact, most likely when we open, by the time this video is out, we're going to be in bare market territory. Bare markets in America are defined by a 20% drop. Once the S&amp;P crosses 4,900, which it's about to, we're going to be in a bare market. Now, Palanteer, for example, is now at 68. It was at 125 just in February when I made that video telling you, hey, trim 30% because it might dip 50% in the heartbeat. I literally told you this can happen. I didn't tell you I think it's going to happen. I told you, hey, this can happen. And if you have a lot of profits, protect your profits. Be the responsible adult. This is exactly what we've been talking about in the academy for the past 6 months, 12 months. Be responsible. This is not a cult. It's not about holding on to volunteer and showing that you know you have more faith. Who cares? It's not religion. Now, first of all, breathe, relax. This is not going to last forever. This two shall pass and this is not the first time this has happened. In fact, it's been happening quite a lot. So, we had some super super fast recoveries in the past. For example, Kramer was screaming about the 1987 Black Monday. Well, if you actually dig into what happened in the Black Monday crash of 1987, in fact, October 1987, the S&amp;P plummeted 20% in a single day, the S&amp;P went from a bull market to a bare market in 24 hours. That is insane. The velocity and the verocity of this is absolutely unthinkable. Now, just 30 days later, the market was up 5%. 90 days later, the market was up 15%. And a year later, the market was up 23%. So buying the dip slowly during the Black Monday crash of 1987 have made you 23%. This is not different than anything else we've ever talked about. Now this was a particularly quick example, but there's a quicker one actually that just happened a couple years ago. The COVID crash came out of nowhere and the stock market dropped 34% in a single month. Another very very quick crash, right? Within six months, the markets were up 50% from the 2020 lows. People made a lot of money. Not every single crash was this short as the 1987 and the COVID crash. I agree. And back in the early 2000s, we saw a prime example of that. We had the dotcom crash. The internet buzz came out. Companies went public with no real business. The market got inflated and then it popped. And it kept on crashing for two and a half years. Two and a half years to find a bottom. That is wild. And trust me, that's highly unpleasant as an investor. And then the whole process for the market to get back to the same levels from before the dotcom crash took seven years. Then a year later crashed again in the 2008 subprime crash and took another four years. So all in all, it took a decade for the market to make a whole round trip of nothing. 0% in 10 years. That is why they call it the lost decade. And a lot of experts are claiming that right now is the beginning of another lost decade, which it may or may not be. I don't know. I don't predict. However, I study history. And one thing I know that even after that lost decade, the next 5 years after that, the market did 80%. So if you held from the beginning of the com crash, let's say you bought right the day before the market crash on the dotcom crash, you were that unlucky. In 15 years, you have still made 80% on your money. So over the long haul, the S&amp;P 500 is undefeated. Even if you take the most extreme example, buying the day before the last decade and selling 15 years later, you still did 80%. That's how good this index is. And this is the worst example possible, right? Holding over 15 years have made you money even in the worst case scenario. And of course, the com crash is not the only example. That's just the worst case scenario. We have seen 12 market corrections over the past 45 years since 1980. And some of them were very violent, some of them less violent, but basically those 12 crashes are a good pool of data for us to understand what usually happens. What's the average, right? So obviously was the worst case, COVID was probably the best case in which it recovered in a month. But in between, we had 10 more corrections, which we'll talk about. Out of those 12, three developed into full-blown bare market or crashes and nine fizzled out completely like the COVID crash. Right? The average drop in those 12 times was 22%. And the average time to find a bottom five months that is with 2000 and 2008 lost decade. Remember now to full recovery average one year 30 days from bottom 13%. 90 days from bottom 22%. 180 days from bottom 29.3%. One year from bottom on average on those 12 times 35.1%. That's three times the average of the S&amp;P 500. Which shows you that even if you consider the dotcom crash and the last decade, every single crash makes millionaires, including the so-called lost decade, this time won't be different. It's just a question of how long this takes. In 2022, I have lost 80% of my Patreon members, of my students. I was told, "I don't know what I'm doing." Three years later, the 20% that stuck with me have made a lot of money. And guess what? Now, I have three times more Patreon members and students than I had in 2022. So, I'm not worried. And I know this will keep happening again because market cycles are absolutely repeatable. There will always be euphoria, always a crash, and then all over again. Rinse and repeat. wax on, wax off. And that is true even in the worst possible case. Assuming you started investing in the worst possible time, just on the eve of the dotcom crash, and you add in $100 every single month, and every time the market dips 10% below the previous all-time highs, you double that amount, and you keep doubling as long as the market stays down. Right now, 25 years later, you're up 440% in your investment. That's an annual average of 17%. 7% above the average of the S&amp;P 500. With two major crashes, with the lost decades, with hundreds of events, with crashes, collapses, wars, pandemics, none of this matters. None of this matters. It's not different this time. Think of your investing journey as your pension plan. Don't think about it as a way to buy a new car, a new house. Don't check it every day. This is your pension plan. You open it up when you're 60, 65. If you can't think this way, you should not be investing. You have to think long term. And now we're getting to the list right here. Now look, I promised you I'll show the list and I will I'll share it with you. But I want you to use this as some sort of a buy stocks list. This is not the point. Don't copy me because I said so. Use my logic. Use my rationale to find your list in your stocks. Okay? So I'll share it with you. And by the way, notice what I'm doing here in this list. I'm not looking at the share price. All of these companies that I'm going to tell you right now, they might drop another 50% from here. Possible. I don't know. And I don't care. I invest in businesses, not in short-term stock prices. I'm not a trader. Right? So, Palunteer, the first name on this list. I said early stage, IPO price 10. I made a mistake. It was DPO. Current price $18. The stock dropped another $12 from this point until $6 to find the bottom. But I said here potential price 300 to 500 2035. 2035. I was saying 2035 in 2021. Thinking about 14 years forward. Now my rationale here summarized data analytics trend top three CEOs trend means it's a secular trend it's something that you know pushes companies forward and so forth and so forth I I didn't think about AI back then but I definitely thought about data analytics as being huge trend top three CEO quas monopolistic margins offthe-wall sticky business basically it's very hard to leave them right now the second name on this list was Tesla and I said here mid-stage price was $220 when I looked at it top three CEO projected price $1,400 for Tesla for Palanteer it was 300 to 500 uh top three CEO trend EVs margins offthe-wall future S-curve energy I basically looked at this as an energy and an EV company I didn't even think about FSD back then and I valued it at 1400 should have said 1420 and then of course we have the S&amp;P 500 current price was 4500 not that far away from today actually at this point and basically said to myself 20% DCAX2 regular DCA if Not. Basically, this means if the stock price drops below 20% of the 52- week high, then we double down and if not, we just DCA. The same thing applies to date. Tesla is still a great company. It's been hemorrhaging because of Elon Musk's politics and that has nothing to do with robotics, FSD, and energy. These businesses, if they do well, the Elon Musk politics won't matter one bit. And guess what? The same list applies today. Palente right now is the best company to buy in this particular juncture. Data analytics, AI and the combination of these two create something that the world is absolutely yearning for it now. This is uncertain times. Palunteer is built for chaos. When everybody's panicking, where there's uncertainty, logistical problems, nobody understands how to handle these trade problems and the wars and the chaos. Palunteer takes uncertainty and makes it certain. This company is probably the best, if not the only one in the world that can do that. And that's why it's going to thrive in chaos more than anybody else understands right now. And the price is still dropping, which I found peculiar and funny, just like I did in 2022. I was buying it up in 2022. Everybody was saying, "Tom, you're crazy. Look at the share price." I don't care about the share price. The share price can go to 30. It can actually go to 30, folks. I'm not even kidding you. Palanteer can drop to 30 like this. Just like I said back in February when it was 115. I don't care. Look at the business. This business they have right now is a quasi monopoly in the world of uncertainty and chaos. Palanteer is going to be a trillion dollar company and I don't care what happens to the share price in the short term. Same thing with Tesla. I thought Tesla was a $1,400 company before robotics before I even talked about FSD. What do you think I evaluated now and the good old reliable S&amp;P 500? You cannot go wrong. Even if the last decade was in your 15-year period, that 10 year stretch, you still did 80%. It's very hard to argue. Now look, don't be fooled. Don't be fooled by relief rally. If there's a huge rally right now, it might be just a head fake, a dead bounce, a relief rally, whatever you call it. I don't know. You don't know either. So, keep steady, you know, just keep daing. Double down to the dips. If it rips, just slow down. Don't fomo back in. If the market rips all of a sudden, slow and steady, normal DCA, we don't predict, we prepare. And of course, take some time off right now off of media, off of all this mess. Stay alert, stay in the loop, understand what's going on, but don't over obsess about what's going on right now. Right now, we may drop another 50%. Sure, it can happen. No problem. We'll be doing the same thing we've done in 2022, the same thing that made us generational money. The market can rip. Fine. We'll just dollar cost average slowly. We'll wait for the actual correction. It doesn't matter what happens next. If you have a plan, if you don't predict, if you prepare, you can make a lot of money in the stock market. That's why a lot of people if the market indeed drops 50% will make generational wealth. I would love to teach you all of these principles just like I did for the 20% of people who stayed with me in 2022. Right now we have 17,000 people in our academy. I will teach you all of this. We'll go in depth. I'll see you twice a week. I'll teach you how to thrive. Not just survive, how to thrive in this environment. patreon.commash. Would love to see you there. Become a part of our community. Learn how to weed out all this noise. Become confident, become stoic, and I will see you in our next academy lesson.