============================================================
Video: XKvvP7DDvfU
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Best Iran Conflict Stocks: My MEGA plan to PROFIT from Israel Iran Crisis
Date: 2025-06-19
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4121
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:37.924164
============================================================

70 wars happened. 70 over the past 30 years. And the one thing that's common without exception to every single one of these wars is that smart investors made a lot of money. They profitered from the crisis. As I said before, don't ever let a good crisis go to waste. Now, war is obviously a horrible thing, and I'm not for it, but it's going to happen whether you like it or not. And the best thing you can do is try to improve your portfolio. Use whatever hand you've been dealt with by this universe to make a lot of money, which is exactly what I'm doing in this video. I'm going to giving you my strategy as well as seven stocks I think will profit massively from this situation going forward. I'll share everything with you. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. So, we're not going to predict anything in this video. We heard a lot of experts over the past week talking about predictions. Now everybody's trying to predict whether Donald Trump is actually going to participate in the war or not. A lot of predicting going on. A lot of gambling from options traders and all sorts of degenerates. We're not going to do that. We're going to prepare, not predict. Which means we're going to find potential scenarios. We're going to think about what market impacts will happen from these scenarios. And we're going to formulate a game plan that makes us money no matter what happens. in every single scenario, including the seven stocks, I think, will do exceptionally well because of what's going on right now. And no, it's not defense stocks. It's not energy stocks. It's a completely different ballgame for the rich, smart investors. They don't do the obvious. So, let's start right here. Okay. I had a friend, and I want you to listen to the story because this story actually has a happy ending, but it didn't have a happy start. My friend Mike, who I've known for many, many years, basically is one of the most standout people I know. And he had a pretty relaxed investing style for his entire life. 40 years old, two kids, a mortgage, a good job, and all he did is just invest in the S&amp;P 500 index only. No crypto, no nonsense. Basically a standup guy with a very cautious investing strategy. So in 2020 when the market dropped after co essentially he told me look I just lost 20%. I'm not going to be able to take much more of this. I have responsibility. I have kids. I have a family. I'm going to get out going to wait for the market to improve and I'm going to jump back in. I can't afford to lose more. I said look I don't think it's a good idea but it's your choice. No problem. Obviously the market bounces back up. He gets annoyed and he's afraid to jump back in because he thinks that the crash is coming again and he waits all the way till the end of 2021 to buy back in and he does it in a 2021 to buy back in and he does it in a 2021 to buy back in and he does it in a lump sum, buys everything back in 2021 right at the top. The market of course corrects heavy in 2022 and I'm getting a call from him saying, "Look, I surrender. What do I have to do? Teach me the system. I just got screwed twice in about a year and a half. teach me this system that you've been using. I want to learn. And from that point on, from 2022 until now, he has been only dcaing according to our system. And he's now one of my best students in my academy. All you have to do is just have the right mindset, have the right system, have the right support system. Whatever you've done in the past, all your sins are forgiven. And in this video, I'll show you how to use events like this, events like this, and instead of losing money like Mike did, actually make money. So, let me show you what I'm talking about here. Now, obviously, you know, this isn't about CO. This isn't about 2022, right? Right now, we're looking at about 7 days of conflict between Iran and Israel. Not going to go into politics here. It's not the point. The point here is we all want to make money, right? So, so far we don't have the end of the world, right? So far, we don't have a World War II so far. And what we have is a pretty tame market, right? Crude is up 5%, right? Not horrible. S&amp;P is kind of flat. Gold is down 2%. But basically, the market right now is pretty much absolutely ignoring this, which also is not a good idea. I don't think it's good idea to absolutely ignore what's going on. I didn't say that, but I'm saying right now the market is basically saying, "Well, this is a nothing burger." And perhaps it is, but maybe it isn't. And if it isn't, there is your opportunity. I'll show you in a second what this means because it means you can actually make a lot of money. So, first and foremost, I have to be kind of clear about this because a lot of people tend to kind of make fun of this chart, but nevertheless, this chart have made rich people much much richer every single time. On this chart, we have countless negative events that happen in the market ever since 2009. I'm with right now just countless chaotic, crazy bad things that happen. And the market always does its thing. Even though there's always reasons to sell, the market does the same thing. Goes up. That is the S&amp;P 500. And it will always do that. Wars, chaos, pandemics, collapses. That's just the way the S&amp;P 500 works. Now a lot of people misunderstand that and they think well I'm just going to ignore everything. Okay, stop. This is not how this works. Okay, let's first of all set the table. And the basic principle that we all have to agree on is I think all of us here agree that saving money, right? just sitting and saving money and getting out right now and going cash because a lot of people are saying, "Well, look, Tom, if Donald Trump decides to jump back in and basically get the United States involved in this situation, we might have a complete collapse. Oil prices will spike, inflation will spike, the economy will collapse, etc., etc. So, I'm going to go out and I'm going to become a saver for a while, just like Mike did in 2020." Right? The problem is that if you save money over time, you're going to have extra money, right? You start here with a little bit of money and then you have a little bit more money at the end of that time frame. But if you invest and you add time to it, then you have a lot more money because of compound interest, right? And as I said before, over the past 30 years, we had 70 wars. 70, not seven, not 17, 70. And what did the S&amp;P 500 did over the past 30 years? In those 70 wars, I'm going to show you right now, and it's going to probably surprise you, right? So if you look at equity performance basically investing versus saving over the past 8 years 70 wars right we have 7x on your money on the S&amp;P 500. If you just set the S&amp;P 500 you have 7x your money. Microsoft you have done 500. Apple 400x. Look at these numbers. This is me numbers. If you just set the NASDAQ over the past 30 years you have 40x your money. So all in all, I think history shows us that when bad things happen, when conflicts happen, when wars happen, when a lot of nastiness happens in the world, it doesn't really affect the market long term. Of course, there's going to be fluctuations and volatility, but long term, pretty much if you just held on and didn't flinch, you have made a lot of money just sitting in the market of the past 30 years. Whether it be the S&amp;P, the NASDAQ, or individual stocks, it doesn't really matter. Now, here's the interesting part. So, there is a lesson number two here. Okay, I've shared with you this lesson in my previous video, literally the one before this. And if you haven't, go watch it after this video. Right? So, geopolitics tends to create a lot of short-term noise for the market. Obviously, when you know, tensions flare up, a lot of uncertainty is introduced into the market. And when you have uncertainty introduced into the market, well, what you have is the market starts to price in extra risks, whether they're remote or not remote, and then the market takes a dump. That's just short-term behavior to every geopolitical miss, right? And that's a given. Obviously, oil and defense spikes right away, as always, especially if it's the Middle East. But long-term, it doesn't really pan out. Although, short term, that might be a good trade for traders, right? And as I said before, I think that trade is long gone because I think they've already made the money on that trade a few days ago, right? What you also see is tech dropping and then going skyhigh. So tech is pretty much the first casualty of uncertainty because all of these tech stocks are high beta and when the market basically takes a dump, they get wet the most. I guess let's use when the market sneezes, they get wet the most, but they also recover the best, right? So the answer is, well, just buy tech, right? And you'll be rich. Kind of, but there's a little bit more nuance to that. Let me show you what I mean. It's not exactly as simple as that. Okay, so let's go to the next slide. Of course, of course. Unless we get a World War II scenario here, which of course is always a possibility when we're talking about the Middle East and an involvement of US and potentially other countries, perhaps we go to World War II, maybe. But unless that happens, uh, stocks are not going to care long term. I've shown you this in the previous video. This is just statistics in history. Unless we're going to go to a massive societal collapse kind of event of World War II, it doesn't really matter, right? But, okay, I don't think that's happening. Okay, I don't think we're going to World War III. And honestly, if we are, the least of your concerns will be your stock market portfolio. You're going to be hunting for bread, food, flour, and potentially trying to barter over simple goods. and the next war war will be fought with sticks because everybody will be nuked and I doubt it if we would survive. So if we are heading to World War II, the stock market is going to be the least of your concerns. So I think it's a remote possibility given the fact that you know the world has tested these waters before and nobody wants to blow everybody up. So I think we're not going to go to World War II and definitely nobody wants to fight World War I with sticks because that's what's going to happen, right? I think we have three three and a half potential scenarios over here about how this thing can play out with Iran and the Israelis. Okay. Now, first and foremost, we have the medium extreme scenario, right? Basically, this means that the Israelis and the Iranians exchange blows for how long this takes, but it stays contained between these two countries. And essentially, that's all there is to it. In that situation, the stock market in the United States is not going to care too much about it. Just like the Ukraine war didn't really impact long-term on the stock market. Of course, there is the more extreme scenario. In the extreme scenario, Iran basically gets boxed into a corner and in order to save themselves, so to speak, they block the Hurmuz Straits. The straits of Hermuz basically use about 20% of the world's oil. So 20% of the world's oil goes through the Hormuz. And that's a big big problem. If they block it, we're talking 100 120 $150 a barrel crude, right? Oil is definitely going to spike in that scenario. Okay. If the Iranians block the straight of Maroons, we're going to see 150 oil and we will definitely see a short-term market selloff 100%. If this happens, this happens and then this happens, right? Well, Tom, this means, you know, we have we have to gamble on this because we're going to make a lot of money. Let's just buy oil and then look, we don't know what's the probability between this and this. There's a lot of experts who are going to be sitting on CNN or Fox or whoever home or whatever podcast telling you what is the more likely scenario, but honestly, nobody [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] knows, including these so-called experts. Nobody knows what is the probability of each of these scenarios. And when you don't know what is the probability, picking one and betting on it is nothing more than gambling. And I'm not interested in gambling. I'm interested in having 100% success, not 50. Okay. So, basically, if the world goes through this $150 a barrel and then the Fed is not going to drop rates and the economy is going to take a dump, the market is going to sell off, you're going to see basically different sectors behave differently, right? You're going to see defensive like consumer staples, healthcare, telecom drop 20 to 30%. You're going to see the S&amp;P 500 drop 30 to 40%. You're going to see NASDAQ drop 40 to 50%, maybe more. And you're going to see tech and growth drop 50 to 70%. Stocks like Palanteer will be down way more than 50%. Stocks like Tesla same. Stocks like Nvidia also there will all hit the most. The most vulnerable sector if this is the scenario is tech. But that is actually the opportunity. The fact that these guys are the weakest in times of turmoil basically means that this is a money-making opportunity that most investors are going to miss. What do I mean by that? Okay, so basically you're going to have a lot of traders right now place outsiz bets on whatever they think is the more probable situation. A lot of them will be betting on oil, defense, whatever, against the market, for the market. they will be gambling, right? However, these gamblers, they're not going to reach the top echelon of investing because they're going to make some gambles, they're going to lose some gambles. They're playing a 50% game. The world's best investors are going to prepare. They're not going to predict. They're going to prepare just like we are. And they're going to prepare to four scenarios to consider. And I'm going to walk you through these four scenarios. I'm going to show you that no matter which scenario happens, we have a plan to profit and to profit quite a lot from it. Okay. So, let's start with, you know, one of the maps when they say you're here. So, we are here. Scenario number one. Scenario number one basically says nothing quick resolution. Essentially, scenario number one means that Donald Trump and Iran meet up within a few days. They sign a deal. They shake the hand, you know, the Israelis are not going to be happy about it, but and this thing just blows over. This is where we are today as far as the pricing of the stock market. The stock market at the current juncture, that's what they price in. Okay? And maybe that's what happens, right? Scenario number two is that we have mediumterm tensions that will have to be priced in. If this becomes way more serious than it is right now, then the market is going to collapse. not 50% but it's going to have a correction a medium small kind of buy the dip opportunity. Okay. However, if we go to scenario number three which is where Iran actually has closure of the trades of Hermuz then we're talking about a whole different scenario. Oil 250 for god knows how long might send the stock market to a recession or might send it just to volatility but no recession. So we don't know which one, right? But basically these are the scenarios right nothing happens medium tensions that will have to be priced in because they're not right now or closure and blockade of the straits of her moose which is not at all priced in which may lead to either no recession or more likely to a recession because of oil prices inflation the Fed etc etc this is of course not priced in scenario number three.5 and 3.7 whatever you want to call them these guys are not priced in and because they're not priced in, it actually creates a massive opportunity. Because here's the thing, when something is not priced in, this is your money-making opportunity. You see, whatever happens with this thing, whether we go through a recession that's driven because of this situation or not, we know for a fact that bull markets last for 5 years, bare markets last for 10 months, right? So all of these if you go through all of these red bare markets they were all huge money-making opportunities in disguise which most retves investors failed to identify. Okay. So right now, if we get scenario number three, whichever of the number three with a recession, without a recession, what we're going to have is one of these. And maybe it looks a little more like this, or maybe it's a little bit short-lived, maybe not. Maybe it's medium. Who knows? It doesn't matter because when you zoom out, it clearly doesn't matter. And the bigger the red sector is, the more the opportunity is to get cheaper stocks. If you are, of course, a long-term investor, not if you're a gambler or a trader. That's not the point. Now, moving on. These are my three ways to make money. And I'll give you the seven stocks in a second, right? So, there's really three scenarios, right? This is what the stock market is going to look like. If there's nothing, it's going to go keep up, right? Regular DCA, not a lot of opportunity up there. Normal, right? This is small dip, medium scenario where something gets escalated but not to the point of full complete collapse. Well, the market's going to dip and this whole green sector is going to be your opportunity to DCA double down and to create a lot of money and of course the crash scenario in red which is the blockade of the trader moves dollar to basically absolutely going chaos oil to 150 etc etc. stock market does this drops 30 40 50% and then you have the green and the yellow sectors to actually make money. These drops, these dips is where you make the money. If this is indeed the case, your money-making opportunity just got better because we know what happens when this thing blows over. Of course, assuming this is not World War II, in that case, I told you it ain't about the stock market. It's about finding shelter and food. Now, how do you find what to invest? Obviously, I told you, right? There's no point in sitting in cash. We all know this. And I told you also that there are seven stocks to buy. And for those of you who watch my previous video, I gave you a list. And in that list, which I call my scorecard, I basically showed you what is the right methodology to find great stocks. And I gave you three metrics in the previous video with numbers attached to them. 0 5 and 10. Cash versus debt, revenue growth, margins, short interest, institutional holdings, scalability, share performance of the past 3, 5 years, mode, CEO quality, recession proof, secular trend, culture, and talent. When you combine all of these, every one of them gets a score from 0 to 10. Watch the previous video. It has all this basically summarized. Then companies get a score. What I've done in today's video, I ran companies. I ran through the scorecard. Comment below if you find that funny. It was unscripted, I swear. So, I ran companies through the scorecard and I found the top seven in my field of expertise, which is basically tech. I didn't look at other companies, but in tech, which is the sector you want to be in, in my opinion, when everything when the feet hit the sh so to speak, right? And these are the seven that I found. So number one, I'll show you just how it works with number one and then I'll I'll just show you the list after that. So number one is in basically the same stock I talked about three years ago. So three years ago I talked about Palunteer at 500. Sure, everybody knows that. But a lot of people don't remember, but I actually said that Nvidia is the ultimate stock three years ago. And I don't think anything changed since then. So I'm going to show you. I don't think Nvidia changed. I think it got better, which is insane to think about, right? Nvidia right now scores a perfect 125. And the scores are right here. It has more cash than debt, revenue growth, margins, short interest very low, one of the best cos in the world, great talent, mission, culture, mo, you name it with the GPUs. It is somewhat recession stable. It definitely outperformed the market of the past 5 years. Whatever metric here, they hit a perfect score. So, Nvidia right now at 35 for PE, which is insane to me, scores a perfect 125. So, out of everything I've tested, Nvidia scored the best 100%. And the PE is dirt cheap. Okay, but it's not the only company. Of course, I promised you seven and we have six more which I'll show you in a second. Okay, so this is the rest of the list. So, Palunteer test I'm going to put here on the side because a lot of you heard me talk about it. Palanteer scored 120, Tesla scored 115. I'm invested in these companies. I have a major position in them, but I'll put them to the side because you heard me analyze these stocks many, many times before. The other stocks are Microsoft 120, Apple 110, Amazon 105, and Meta 105. To me in tech, these Nvidia, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Meta, Palanteer, and Tesla are the top seven companies based on my scorecard to invest in. And especially if these companies might actually dip heavy because of temporary geopolitical miss. And that temporary geopolitical mess gets worse and funkier. The drop is going to be bigger, which would allow me to buy stocks at cheaper. If I am a long-term investor and I don't mind to endure the little volatility right now. Of course, this is not the only stocks in the world. And if you would like to get better at identifying these things, well, join our 21,000 students. Just had 20,000 a couple weeks ago. 21,000 students at the Rook Academy. patreon.comdommash where people learn how to hunt for these companies, how to identify, how to create conviction so when it drops you don't panic, how to create calmness and how to be a successful investors without timing the market without gambling and keeping your sanity and having more time for you, your family, your hobbies. Everything is in the academy and the community is wonderful. Payton.com/dommnash would love to see you there. 30-day money back guarantee is my commitment to you. Come in, check it out, try it out. Not for you. Happy to give you a refund. No problem at all. I'll see you in the economy shortly.