============================================================
Video: zypUpOs_uL4
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Tom Lee: "Buy Stocks Right NOW Before It's Too Late!"
Date: 2025-12-09
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2597
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:35:54.004516
============================================================

So, as we're getting into the final three weeks of this year, the question on everybody's mind is, will they or won't they? And of course, talking about the Santa rally, will we have one or won't we have one? Will the next three weeks look like a joyful celebration of profits or we're all about to get a lump of coal because we've been bad boys and girls and giraffes. So, the guy who's pretty much been on point as far as what the market is going to do for the past three years, Mr. Homley, one of the best analysts in the business, just chimed in on that particular question and we will look at what he said. We'll break down what he said. I'll add my two cents, my analysis, my strategy going into the end of the year. And of course, as always, don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing. Just listen and pay attention. Now, Tom Lee came on Funstrat and he broke down six reasons why he sees a very strong probability of a rally heading into the end of the year, into Christmas, into New Year's. Now, it's important for me to emphasize here that there are no guarantees in the stock market. Now, Tom Lee isn't making one. He's not saying it's scheduled to happen. Of course, it's not. It's a prediction and it's all about probabilities. It may happen. It may not happen. So, I'm asking you to be very very careful relying on these predictions and making investing decisions. This is interesting. This is fun. But this is not for us to actually make hardcore investing decisions based on what we think may or may not happen from now until December 31st. Now I'm going to first summarize what Tom Lee said and then I'm going to go point by point and offer my opinion, my analysis and of course my strategy at the end of that as well. Now the first point Tom Lee makes is that we are heading into rate cuts. We are heading into the end of quantitative tightening by the Federal Reserve and we are starting a beautiful period of quantitative easing. His second argument is that the macroeconomics are extremely strong. We have a good job market. Even though it's not as good as it was a few months ago, but it's still very, very solid. Inflation is easing and GDP growth is solid. Another thing he's saying, number three, is that the government shutdown is finished. Number four, that fund managers that for the most part missed their benchmarks over the past few years, over 80% of them actually lagging the S&amp;P 500 this year alone, will have to chase this rally in order to try and save their skin. And of course, he sees a lot of oversold signals on the technical side on the VIX and whatnot. And number six, historically, this is a very strong period. the last two to three weeks of the year are usually very very beneficial for investors for the stock market. This is the six reasons Stomble is laying out. Now, if that's all you needed, no problem. You can get on your way. Do your thing. I know you're busy. It's all right. But if you got a few minutes, I'm going to actually go point by point and I'll share my opinion about how good the argument is. And at the end, I'll share my opinion whether he's right or wrong and my strategy as well. So, let's kick off with point number one. the expected cut from the Fed and the beginning of the quantitative easing is actually very very much already priced into the stock market. It's not like that's going to be a huge shock. Okay, once the Fed cuts and by the way it's currently on 80% probability on Fed CE watch tool, right? We're not going to have a huge spike because the cut happened because that is already priced in. However, however, I'm not saying there's not going to be a benefit because of the cut. Actually, I think there will be [snorts] because when you cut rates, borrowing becomes a lot more easy, which means you can borrow a lot of money from the bank, both as an individual or as a company. There's a lot more money circulating because borrowing becomes so easy. Saving does not become as attractive as it used to be because the rate came down. So, you're spending more money. Mortgages come down. So the real estate market is starting to wake and there's a whole new cycle that this cut will start that's going to pump more and more money into the economy. Okay, the end of QT means there will be more money circulating through the system greasing the wheels. That is certainly a mood changer. If you actually want to fill up a tub, it's not going to happen in a second. You first have to plug the hole the drain and then let it fill up for a few minutes. What we have right now is the Fed plugging the drain. The bathtub is not filled yet. However, it is the beginning of a very fruitful period for the stock market. It's a lot of oxygen that the market desperately needs. And also it means that the future predictions as far as the profitability and the earning potential of the companies goes up because now money is more plentiful. But also DCF models because of the lower interest also bring out higher valuation. So it's a very strong tailwind with for the market even even if it's already priced in as far as this specific cut. However, all of this is only applicable only applicable if the economies actually super solid because if the economies do do the economy isn't solid, a rate cut isn't going to help. A rate cut is like pouring gasoline over a bonfire that's out of wood. If it's filled with wood, it's going to help. If it's not, it's just a temporary pump. So the big question goes towards the economy and Tom Lee as he always does of course addressed this point in his second argument where he says look folks the macroeconomics right now are extremely strong look at inflation it's cooling down look at the recession we've never gotten people promised us like three recessions over the past three years we've gotten nothing GDP is expanding and the job market is actually not that bad in fact it's pretty solid which is a very good indicator for stocks because what we are now having if indeed the macroeconomic aspect of this is strong and solid is a good cut. There is a bad cut where the Fed is behind the curve trying to bail out a failing economy and there is a good cut which is what we're seem to be having right now which is the economy staying solid but on top of it they're getting a nice little boost in the form of these cuts. Now Tommy says that that is the case. I tend to agree. Number three, now the government drama being over. To me, it's much to do about nothing. To me, this is the Mory Povit show, right? Or Ricky Lake or whomever. This is pretty much as predictable as they come. A lot of noise, a lot of craziness, but at the end of the day, it was bound to end like this, like a fart in the wind. But the good thing about it, which is what I agree with with Tom Lee here, is that the fact that this is now off the docket, off the table, means that uncertainty, which is this thing that the market hates the most, right? Markets love certainty, hate uncertainty. So the uncertainty about the government, even though it was predictable, is now lifted. It's now gone. And when uncertainty goes away, markets absolutely love it. Now, in itself, it's not going to cause a bull market that the fact the government is starting to do its freaking job again, but it's another boost on top of a couple boost we already mentioned here, which is a good thing. Number four, of course, has to do with the so-called fund managers. Now, these are people who are making a lot a lot of money. They're getting paid 2% of the billions that they're managing. They're getting paid 20% of all the profits they're making. and their bosses are not happy right now because right now in 2025 about 80% of these very very well-paid professional money managers have been losing to the S&amp;P 500 which is ridiculous right this is probably the strongest argument that Tommy presented in this segment because at the end of the day this is human nature at its finest rich people do not like losing certainly not to the S&amp;P 500 certainly not when they're paying somebody lots and lots and lots of money not to lose. Now, this year they've been absolutely catastrophic. Last year, they weren't that hot either. Basically, if these fund managers think there's a high likelihood that we're going to get a rally towards the end of the year, they will see it as their last opportunity, kind of a hail mary to try and salvage this year as much as possible. But the ironic part about it is by doing so, they actually cause it. So the fund managers because of their fear, because of their FOMO, because of the mistakes of the past, if they think the rally is coming, which seems to be very plausible right now, they are the ones who will cause it by stampeding back into market all at once. Now, his fifth argument is not in my realm. I'm not a trader. I'm not a technical analysis guy, and I'm not going to be here talking about the VIX or the market in that term. But but Tom Lee is saying the unthinkable. He's saying that the market is oversold. Oh my god. Now I don't think it means that the entire market is oversold. That's not the point. But what he actually says here is that a lot of pessimism in the market. Now that I can attest to and that I can comment about. If you pop up in the fear and greed index right now, the fear and greed index right now is at 36 out of 100 at fear. So, even though I'm not a technical analysis guy, I do know that what he's saying is not blowing smoke up your butt because at the end of the day, we are at fear. Fear and greed index. Fear means opportunity. Fear means money. Fear means there's a good chance that this will also be another boost. When you're getting a rally into fear, the catchup and the FOMO actually make it a lot stronger. Now, the sixth argument here has to do with seasonality and history. essentially to saying look historically this season the last two weeks of the year are extremely strong. This is the strongest period of the year. This period makes about 5% on average if you look back over the past couple decades. Right now it's not a prophecy and it's not a guaranteed scheduled event. But a lot of times when you have an event that happens so many times before historically statistically then this becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy a self-fulfilling cycle right obviously this ain't a guarantee but when everybody expects the rally and they're buying to get ahead of the rally the rally is essentially caused by these same expectations just like I just told you about the professional money managers. Now look in my opinion and this is kind of me speaking as to what Tom Lee suggesting here. This is the perfect soup for a rally. Don't know if it's going to happen or not, but seems like we have all the ingredients. On the one hand, we have quantitative easing and the beginning of money pumping into the system. On the other hand, macroeconomics is solid. Inflation is coming down. Unemployment is okay. GDP is growing very nicely. We have political quietness, which we hadn't had in a long time. So, some political stability. And we have forced buying self-imposed of course by institutional investors who are stampeding back into the market towards the end of the year plus a lot of fear on the retail side plus the seasonality aspect on top of it to wrap it all in a nice little bow. So I think Tom Lee has a point. I think it's more likely than not that this actually is what's going to happen. Although the market can do crazy things in the short term. Remember the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. So, I wouldn't go, you know, mortgaging my house, going into the market right now, expecting a 5% return of the next two weeks. Who knows what's going to happen, right? But for that, you got to go deeper. Look, you can be a part of that group that's going to day trade this and swing trade this and they're going to basically trading their life away with 99% of them heading into the poor house because of what they're doing right now. Not to mention the stress and the anxiety and the emotional toll is going to take on them. Or you can do what rich mother effers have been doing for the past couple decades. They've been using the stock market to create generational wealth with very little effort. Now this is long-term investing at its finest. Very little work, lots and lots and lots of profit. If you have patience, if you're willing to become a long-term investor and invest for years, for decades, not for days and not for months. That is not for everyone. I totally understand that. If you're one of that 20% that actually wants to become a long-term investor, who wants to learn the market, who wants to learn how to look at companies, at businesses to create generational wealth opportunities over years and decades, join us at the academy. We just had this Sunday a lecture breaking apart the Google TPU versus the Nvidia GPU and how it's going to impact the AI market, how it's going to impact Google, how it's going to impact Nvidia. These are the sort of things we're doing in the academy. We're not trying to time the market. We're learning about AI, we're learning about long-term investing, about skills, about understanding the business. If that is what you want to do, if you want to become a better long-term investor, I invite you to join our 25,000 member academy at payton.com/tomash. Would love to have you there. And this Sunday, we're going to talk about exactly that, how the 1% invest, all the strategies, all the setups. I will be sharing that on Sunday. So, if you join the academy by then, you're more than welcome to join. So, if you want access to that lecture as well as a massive library of every single lecture I've ever done and our Discord and access to DM me personally, ask me questions and office hours once per week and new lectures every week. Join the academy. Would love to see you there. Peace.