============================================================
Video: 3ACGE4_3vBU
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: This Stock is a MASTERPIECE | Get READY!
Date: 2025-08-29
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3718
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:37:47.599405
============================================================

Nvidia is the ultimate stock. This was the title of this video that I posted on December 23, 2021 explaining why Nvidia is going to change long-term investors life. The stock price was 30. It is currently 180. So, this video was about 6x ago. Today, I'm standing here before you saying, look, we're not about to make another 1,500% of this stock. That's not the case. This is a multi-t trillion dollar company, but but I'm seeing a massively positive setup for this company for the next 5 to 10 years. A lot bigger than the lukewarm sentiment you're hearing from mainstream media right now, from social media. This company is on the verge of another tear. Perhaps not 1500%, but the significant tear. And a lot of retail investors are going to miss out because they don't look at the fundamentals. The only thing you're looking at is this thing had a huge run. This means it's spent. It's finished. It's exhausted. Nothing could be further from the truth. I want you to click nothing, smash nothing, buy nothing. I just want you to listen because in this video, I'll show you exactly why that is the case. So, Nvidia had a very, very strong quarter. Right now, we're looking at a performance that is basically a $50 billion quarter. Revenues are up almost 60%. The bulk of it is obviously coming from data centers. No huge surprise there. And they're guiding for another similar quarter with 60% operating profit, which is insane. The margin on this company have never cease to astonish me. But that is not what I want to talk to you about. This is all public knowledge. Everybody knows it. But for most retail investors, this is somehow not enough. They want more. And that is why the lukewarm reaction to the earnings that we've seen. Of course, the stock is still up, but that's not the point. Now, even though I just showed you that I made a video on YouTube saying that this is the ultimate stock in December 23 of 2021, if you look at this thing right here, this is my Tom top stocks list that I publish every single month. This is from August 2025. But we have all the historical data right here. We actually added Nvidia right here back in 2020, October of 2020, when the share price was $14 per share, not 30, and when the stock was a lot more attractive. That is why we have the Rock Academy, patreon.com/dommnash. We have a lot of good resources out there and usually the things I put out in the main channel come out in the academy first. We had a lot of great picks over the past few years and this is just a partial example of the whole list which you can get as an academy member and we did have a great run over the past few years. But that's not the point of today's video. Let's go back to Nvidia for a second. Let me show you this setup right here. If I show you a business that has this setup, you're going to say this is a good investment. If the business keeps getting better, right? If this is sales, right? If this is sales, right? and sales go up but the price to earnings ratio is coming down. You would say well Tom doesn't make any sense. Why would the numbers be inverse? Why would a company generate more and more and more sales and more and more and more operating profit and get better and better and better but somehow we get cheaper and cheaper and cheaper? That doesn't make any sense. It doesn't compute. That would not have existed anywhere else except the stock market. And I say that is precisely why it's so freaking easy to make money as a long-term investor in the stock market. As long as you're willing to get rich slow and you're willing to wait it out and be patient, it's not that complicated. You just got to pick good companies that have a P ratio that's coming down. That's a little bit misunderstood and generally just bet on the best horses in the stable and just wait it out. So in the case of Nvidia, right, the P ratio right now is in the 50s. It's coming down the 40ps and the 40s and the business is getting better. Now I'll show you what I mean by getting better. Right? As the P ratio is coming down slightly, look what happened to the revenues of Nvidia over the past 5 years. We literally went from 12 billion just 5 years ago to 150 billion right now. So Nvidia is running at 150 billion, maybe currently even higher given the recent quarter. So we're looking at a company that pretty much 10xed and more its revenues over 5 years and yet somehow the P ratio keeps coming down 50 to forward PE of 40. What the hell is going on here? And if you look under the hood it becomes even crazier because if you look at the numbers and this is from stock MVP. Stock MVP is a platform that I've built for you guys to analyze stocks to get better at this game to understand every single stock within 30 seconds. This is our card, the stock MVP. You can get it at stock-mpp.com. And actually, for the next few days, we're going to have a code BF35. You'll get it 35% off for life. So, let's look at Nvidia here. Right? So, we're seeing the numbers that are out of this world. We have $148 billion of revenue. Right? That's a 10x in the past 5 years. Right now, we have here the expenses. The expenses are literally 5x lower than the income. At the same time, I'm showing you here that the cash is five times higher than debt. At the same time, we have 5xed sorry 15x our free cash flow the past 5 years. At the same time, we're at 60% margin at 434P and we have here 3x assets versus liabilities. Okay, so this could not be perfect there. If we were designing a video game character and we would want to max out every single metric, this would all be a 99 equivalent of a video game, right? 99.999 across the board. The only issue that people may find with Nvidia, they'll say, "Well, look, Tom, you know, the pay ratio here is four and basically this is price to earnings to growth. This is Peter Lynch's uh famous metric and four is quite high. I'm not going to sit here and say that four isn't high. It is very very high. But that thing confuses a lot of retail investors because they look at the pay ratio and they're saying well you know four I don't know but let me just show you something else with a company like Nvidia you got to look at the rule of 40 which is again something we teach you about in the academy and we talk about all the time but basically the rule of 40 shows you how good a company is really when you take into account also the growth and the margins not just the price to earnings. Okay, so the rule of 40 as it named is something that measures how good a company is. At 40 that would be phenomenal. 20 would be subpar. 60 would be amazing. Right? So you you look at the operating margin of a company, you combine it with the growth rate of the company. You combine the percentages and then you get a number. I as I said 40 would be great, 60 would be phenomenal. So Nvidia is sitting at 116. 116 rule of 40 which is the equivalent of having again 99 stats across the board but also it shows you that as a company it's probably not as expensive as the four peg ratio shows with about 434p and 116 rule of 40. I don't think there's any merit to the argument that Nvidia is expensive even after the insane runup it had over the past 5 years. I don't think you can send this argument down the river and get a good response back saying ah Nvidia is overvalued. You can say that maybe the demand for data centers coming down maybe they won't be able to grow at the same rate. There's a lot of arguments you can make on Nvidia but at the current configuration Nvidia is simply somehow still not expensive because somehow steel rich investors don't fully get it. They're still just seeing the price and say, "Well, if it ran up so high, it's got to come down soon." And maybe it will in the short term. I don't know. But that's not the point. Now, I want to show you this system. I use this system to find Palunteer back in 2020. So, as you know, I am the OG, the original Palunteer bull. I'm the Palunteer guy on social media. I've been, you know, the evangelist of this company, the stock um volunteering to be such. Obviously, I've never gotten any money from Palunteer. In fact, I should be paying them for how they changed my life. But the re the way I found Palunteer is using the same system, the same blueprint that I'm going to show you here in Nvidia. And actually, the guy who came up with this blueprint is none other than Peter Teal because Peter Thiel basically laid this whole thing out. And you can read it in this book. This whole thing is pretty straightforward. If a company falls uh on each of these and they check the box on each of these, they have the potential to be a massive game changer. and Pal did in 2020. That's why I invested. Tesla did and I invested in Tesla just in the same matter. And I'm going to show you right now that Nvidia basically checks all these boxes. Engineering, timing, monopoly, people, distribution, durability, and secret, right? So basically, let's start with engineering. Engineering basically means that you got to have a supercar from a horse. Essentially, everybody else is riding a horse right now and you come out with a supercar. Something that absolutely changes the game like aliens landing in the backyard. Okay, timing means this has to be the perfect time for this product. It's can't it can be too early or too late, right? Monopoly obviously means you got to monopolize the industry. People means you have to have the best people in your business. The distribution obviously speaks for itself. And durability means it has to last for the next 5 to 10 years. And you got to have a secret sauce. Okay, if you combine all of these, and if I'll show you in a second, Nvidia has all of these, it's obviously on the brink of another massive runup, which most investors will again miss because they will be too short-sighted. And when I say short-sighted, I mean looking at this at a prism of 6 months, 12 months, 18 months, 2 years is just too short for a stock like Nvidia. You got to look at a market at 5 to 10 year increments. That's the only way to be a long-term investor. And you know what they say, you know, in the bull market, everybody has long-term horizons. When the market falls for two weeks, everybody's long-term horizons shrink to tomorrow, right? So, as far as engineering goes, item number one, right? So, as I said, hearse to supercar hearse, not a hearse, a horse, a hearse. So, basically, Blackwell is 25 better 20 times better than Hopper, right? So if we've got Hopper which is currently dominating the world and is unrivaled and Blackwell is 25 times better than that you got to understand. Plus you got CUDA nothing comes close to CUDA means there is no alternative. This is the software that comes with the Nvidia chips. These things are literally a supercar versus the horse that we have right now in the market. Number two we have timing. Right? I always use this example, Magic Cab or Magic Taxi, whatever they were called. Uber before Uber, the infrastructure wasn't there. They were too early. They were decade too early. Uber before Uber, 10 years too soon, it flopped. Uber came in time with the apps, with the phones, boom, perfect fit, right? Same thing. The perfect timing argument is very important here. But luckily for Nvidia investors, data center demand could not be higher. AI could not be more in demand. We're just getting started. Many oldtime old school industries have not even started getting into AI. Infrastructure, utilities, healthcare, defense is just starting out right now. There's a whole different video for Palanteer, right? But the demand is just getting warmed up. Data centers is just getting started despite all this China export issues. It's just minutia, right? We are in early stages of the AI deployment cycle and Nvidia is writing it perfectly on time. Number three, monopoly. Now I think in this case it's easy to see that this checks the box quite simply right away. I mean pilenteer monopolizing the AI software. They monopolizing the operating system of AI. We've seen it happening and happening. But we can't sit here and say, well, parent already is in such a dominant position that we can call them a monopoly today. It's happening, right? In the case of Nvidia, this is literally what's going on. They own the market. When the company owns 80% of the market, this is not just a monopoly. This is an Uber monopoly. This is pretty much we can GG, good game. We can close now and go home, right? Nobody's close. AMD is trying to get number two, but they're fighting who for who's next, who's number two, who's number three. Nobody's fighting for number one. Nobody's dethroning Nvidia. It's a 80% market. If if there's ever a monopoly, that's how it looks like as far as people goes. I mean, it's clear that Nvidia has a top three CEO with Jensen. He's the founder. He's been there for 57 years. God knows how long. He also hires top tier talent. I once heard a lecture from Guy Kawasaki back in the day, I think like 10 years ago or more, where he said that bozos hire bozos and superstars hire superstars. And this man is a superstar, a bonafide superstar and he managed to get top tier talent around him. I think Nvidia along with Tesla, along with Palanteer probably has the top three people around the management, in the engineering cycles, in the deployment, in everything. These companies have the best HR in America right now. Number five, we got to talk about distribution. In this case, Nvidia could not be stronger. Essentially, this is a product that literally sells itself. Data standards are plopping everywhere. The hyperscalers are buying Nvidia non-stop. Every single cloud provider wants Nvidia chips. This could not be easier for Nvidia. They don't even have to distribute the product. It essentially does the work for itself. Number six. Number six is the durability argument. Now, will Nvidia be dominant in 10 years, in 15 years, in 20 years? Now, obviously, nobody knows for sure. We can only guesstimate, right? But with the combo they have with hardware and software, with the monopoly they currently have, with the network effects they have, with the distribution, with the fact that replacing Nvidia gear and going elsewhere is right now pretty much impossible. It's very hard to envision who's going to come in and take away this from Nvidia. I think Nvidia is set up to be the dominant force in this industry for the next 10 years because they have started 10 years earlier, 5 years earlier ahead of everybody else and they're currently running faster than everybody else. So if you get a head start and you're running faster, ain't nobody catching you. Number seven is the secret sauce. And here's where I want to explain why I fell in love with Nvidia so much. Right? This is pretty much why Nvidia is ahead of the curve. I said 10 years, 5 years, doesn't matter, right? They've built a fast chip which is perfect for AI, which is exactly what the market is looking for. And it's super easy for developers to use that chip and they pair it with elite software that is unrivaled. So, while everybody else is selling engines and good engines, don't get me wrong, they're selling good engines, Nvidia is selling the car, the gas, the map, and also a pit crew that drives with you with your car to fix it when it gets broken. Imagine going to one shop saying, "Hey, we'll buy, you know, we'll buy this engine from this shop. We'll buy the tires from another shop, and then we'll we'll basically Frankenstein it into a car." Instead of buying a car with gas, with a map, and with a pit crew, all at the same price, which one you gonna buy? It's pretty obvious. That's the secret sauce. Nvidia figured that out five years ago and basically flanked everybody. Right now, everybody's just playing catch. Now, for the past 5 years, we have moved from the previous style of economy we had to a whole new setup. Everything we do right now is driven by AI. every single thing and it's only going to get stronger and stronger and stronger over the next 5 years. Nvidia's chips are not just important for that move. They are foundational. Without Nvidia chips and this doesn't happen and unlike Intel, they don't have a factory. They outsource everything to TSMC, which means zero overhead. Okay, that means 60% margin. And they're not just selling loose parts. They're giving you the entire solution. That's the perfect picks and shovels play for the AI revolution. I remind you that when we say picks and shovels, we mean that in the gold rush back in the day, the people who have made the most money were not the prospectors, right? Some prospectors made money. 90% of them went broke. While 100% of the picks and shovels and jeans and tits and dynamite and whatever they needed, the equipment they needed to dig the equipment sellers, they've become way wealthier than even the prospectors who hit gold. And that is the point I'm saying. The picks and shovels play is right in front of you. And that is Nvidia right now. And while everybody is just chasing these, oh my god, we're searching for gold, Meta, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, open. Sure. Okay. So, sure. But these guys are the supplier for whatever is going on here. So, as long as these guys spend, it doesn't matter who wins because whoever wins, Nvidia wins with it. That's the same reason I love Palunteer for the same exact reason. It doesn't matter who wins the AI wars. the software that becomes the operating software and the hardware, they'll win regardless. They're agnostic to who wins this battle. That's just brilliant. Now, this is my fiveyear price target right here for Nvidia, and I'm raising it a little bit from my previous video for obvious reasons. As I just explained, the bare case is listed right here. The bull case is listed right here at 1278. I believe Nvidia for the next five years has a 609% upside on the bull case on the bare case 400%. But still, as you can see, I'm extremely bullish. My current DCF, this is all from Stock MVP. This model you can run on Stock MVP. This DCF you can run on Stock MVP with zero modeling knowledge. It's completely automated. All you got to do is just plug in your assumptions. You'll get a 5-year price target and you'll get a DCF. Currently, the stock is at 180. RDCF shows a 301 basically a 67% undervaluation today for the stock five years today both available on stock MVP get it right now stock-mpp I built the software for you it's your software go get it this stock is not for everyone okay it's not for everyone you got to be able to ignore the price movements you got to have a strong stomach it's not an easy stock to be invested in okay not an easy stock at all we went from 147 7 in November of last year to 94 in April back to 180 right now. Dollar cost average. This is not the sort of stock you tying the market with. It is extremely volatile and you got to learn how to use this volatility to generate money without gambling, without timing the market by just being a long-term investor. Gambling and timing the market is foolish. Why would you do that when you can DCA and make money the same way we have been doing for the past 5 years with zero anxiety, zero stress, and zero time in the market? This is the system, folks. I'll let you have the system right now. You don't have to sign up for the academy. This is what the stock price has done for the past year. When we have seen this do, we have the double down. When we have seen this, we have the double down. And when we have this orange, we're normal. We're buying at all times. We're increasing the buys when the stock goes berserk and goes down. And we're decreasing a little bit when it goes up. That's the whole story. Want to learn it? Want to become a better investor? Join us. You're not going to get stock picks. We're not going to tell you what to do, but we'll teach you the system. patreon.com/domash25,000 students today because this stuff is for real. Thank you so much. I'll see you in the academy. This.