============================================================
Video: iKF2v_G5P8w
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are a PALANTIR shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-10-30
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4267
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:36:42.468709
============================================================

This absolutely changes everything you thought you knew about Palunteer. If you think you understand this company, if you think you understand this stock, this the one thing just happened right now absolutely flips the whole thing on its head. This is a complete trajectory change. Every single Palunteer investor in the present, in the past, in the future, in the metaverse, they have to hear about this. So share the video with as many of them as you can because this is going to be super important. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. Now, of course, I'm not talking about the Jim Kramer tweet or post or whatever it's called now that he's raising his price target from 200 to 250. That is not what we're here to talk about. With all due respect to Jim, of course, we're here to talk about the Nvidia deal and what kind of implications this deal is going to have on Pilenteer store going forward and what smart investors are doing right now with me in my community, in my group, and of course, we want to share it with you guys on the YouTube channel as well. So, one thing I want to talk about here is first and foremost, we are up a lot on this stock. In fact, we're up an obscene amount of percentage on the stock. But that's not the only stock that's flying. The entire market is going through a three-year bull run like we haven't seen in a long, long time. And the one thing I want to say about it is that Palunteer isn't going to be immune to anything that's going to happen in the broader market. Just like it benefits from the hypeish bullish sentiment we have right now, it will be wet when everybody else gets wet as well. You have to remember this. The other thing is with people with a little bit more experience than the novice investor that started investing in the last two years, we all understand how market cycles work. And there's no better way to show you new investors how it works than the 1978 very very famous column that was written by a guy by the name of John Tra. John Tra published this column in 1978 talking about a guy who was losing a lot of money. Mr. Wac was losing a lot of money in the stock market. He was getting desperate. Every time he'd buy a stock it would plummet. Every time he'd sell a stock it would skyrocket. He was having absolutely no success in the stock market. And he meets a pig farmer at Maril Lynch physically back in those days. Yes, you could go to Maril Lynch. And he finds out that that pig farmer has been investing for the past 30 years never had a losing year in 30 years. And he absolutely is astonished. And he asked this guy, "Well, how did you do it? Teach me, master. How can I do similar things as you?" And the pig farmer of course just told him one thing. Look, I don't understand the stock market. I don't know nothing about companies, P ratios, revenues, margins. I don't care. I am a pig farmer. The one thing I understand is you buy a pig when it's little and scrawny and thin and nobody wants it. You buy it cheap. Then you pump it full of food. You make it big and interesting and exciting. And then everybody wants to buy that big fat pig. and you get to hike the price and sell it above market value because it's so desired. He basically said, "Look, the same thing happens in the stock market. All I do is listen to media, read newspapers. When everybody is saying that the world is over, that the economy is finished, and we're never going to have another bull run again." I load up on great companies, companies with quality, companies with great products. And when the media starts explaining that this bull run is never going to end, we're in for another 10 years, 20 years of this, how this is just the beginning, how the old stuff don't matter anymore, we're just getting started, etc., etc. When the media is pumping hype, when the media is pumping bullishness and excitement, that's why I sell these positions and I keep doing it again and again. And for 30 years, it has never failed me. Essentially what he told him is the same quote that Warren Buffett became famous for. When everybody's bullish, I'm bearish. When everybody's bearish, I'm bullish. The same thing has to happen with you right now. Even with all this excitement, even with all this euphoria, even with all this insanity going around in the stock market, everybody's making crazy money. The plumber is now driving a Lambo. The electrician is driving a Maserati. Everybody's getting rich off the stock market. All I hear from people I meet is how much money they've made in stocks this year. And that should concern you as a smart long-term investor because that means that we are now not in a good time to get excited. This is the time to be a little bit more cautious. This is the time to be a little bit more careful. But this is certainly not me here saying do not buy Palanteer right now. If you thought that I'm going to come out here and say, "Well, it's not a good time to buy Palanteer." No, no, no. Shout out to Decbe Mumbo with a finger wave. If you look at the past 20 years of the stock market and you take out the best 10 days, you get 50% less returns for 20 years. If you miss the best 10 days in the past 20 years, you have slashed your performance by 50%. And no, there is no way to miss the worst 10 days. Not to mention the fact that for every 5 years of a bull market, we have 10 months of a bare market. So, why would you try to time this knowing the odds are so stacked against you when all you got to do is just stay in the market and continue to buy good companies? The one thing I'll say here, going back to my pig farmer example, is that this is the time right now to buy, of course, to continue investing, of course, but to be more deliberate, more calculated, slower. Imagine you're running a marathon. This is the sort of approach you need right now. We're not trying to sprint so we make great returns so we can tell our friends and our neighbors how much money we've made this year. This is right now the time to be cautiously dollar cost averaging into the market. Meaning to continue investing fixed amounts every few weeks, every few months and to slowly grow your position knowing full well that right now we may be in a very precarious situation when the market is not cheap anymore. If you look at the current price earnings on the S&amp;P 500, we're far after the breaking point of what is usually considered a fairly priced market. We're way beyond that right now. Now, Palanteer in this environment have absolutely blown everybody out of the water. Even in a wonderful market when you couldn't lose money when everything was going up when all the stock piler in that market managed to outperform everybody and to continue doing this over the course of three years. Yes, we had companies that had a great year in 2025. We had a great quarter. We had a great six months. But with the exception of Nvidia, for the past 3 years, there ain't no stock like Palanteer as far as the performance. And the crazy part about this is when I was arguing with idiots on social media and certain other so-called experts on YouTube and other platforms that were trying to explain to me that it's a $5 stock, it's not going to do well. Some of them actually changed their mind already and now kind of selling the idea that they've always been on Palunteer side and that's okay. Some of them still hold on foolishly to the anti-Palanteer sentiment and some of them found some middle ground saying well Palanteer is a great company but it's so expensive. Whatever it is, I could not care less. Right? The one thing I know is what I've said in 2022 when it was $6 and $7 and $8 and I said, "Hey, this is a $500 stock and people mocked me and laughed at my face." What happened here is very simple, folks. [snorts] I went to a try out with all the best college basketball players in the nation. And I went there and I see all these great basketball players. And then I go outside to the court outside the gym where there's no scouts, there's no NBA officials, and I see just regular kids playing. And I see one kid dunking over in everybody, one kid shooting three-pointers, one kid dominating, and I'm saying to myself, hold on a second. Why is this kid playing outside with all these regular people and he's not in the gym with the rest of the kids trying to make the NBA? He's way better than the other guys in the gym. And yet the other guys are very hypy. They have scouts, interviews, deals, endorsements. This kid is better. And that's exactly what happened with Palanteer. Palanteer was the most hated, antagonizing, annoying company ever. People hated on it. It was absolute pariah in the stock market. And yet I came out and I said, "Hey, the quality of the stock shows $500 potential. [snorts] Why not look at the fundamentals? Why not look at the numbers instead of the sentiment and the so-called experts telling you that this thing is a $5 stock? So what I've done here essentially and a lot of my community that follows me have done essentially we just came out as a general manager of a basketball football team and we acquired the player for nearly free and now this player is the most valuable player in the league and everybody wants to have that player. So now we got to make a decision because at this point a lot of you are watching me you probably have a palunteer position. A lot of you who are watching me you have probably made a lot of money. Now the decision time is what do we do with this franchise player that we dug up out of nowhere. We got this kid. He's now the superstar of the league. We can make a few decisions here. We can either stick with this kid and win a few championships or we can trade him to another team for a whole bunch of money and draft picks and other players. What do we do here? Do we get rid of him and do we do here? Do we get rid of him and do we do here? Do we get rid of him and get as much as we can or do we ride with get as much as we can or do we ride with get as much as we can or do we ride with this kid and go all the way to the championship? Which is which? And this is exactly the decision we have to make today with our portfolios. Is Palunteer another 10x? is Palanteer so expensive we need to sell this pig. Which one is it? And I think the most important thing that happened that should help your decision-making process here is the Nvidia deal because the Nvidia deal absolutely freaking changed the whole story. This is the final seal of approval about Palunteer in case you needed one. And trust me, it's going to blow your mind when I explain to you what this means. We're talking about the raw computing power of Nvidia which is absolutely unrivaled with the raw power of Pilenteer to organize massive amounts of data and AI into one logical platform. This whole thing brought together gives you superpowers. It has never been done before. Right now, we have one company that's going to be the first traveler to space here, to the stratosphere. That's going to be Lowe's. Lowe's is going to be the first guinea pig of this thing. And what they're going to do is essentially they're going to create for Lowe's a digital twin of their supply chain inventory system in order to improve everything to make things more cost-effective, faster, safer, etc., etc., etc. by creating a twin of the entire business on Talente's platform using Nvidia chips. It may sound as if Lo is a guinea pig here, but Lowe's is far from being the first going to do it. It's going to be the first going to be using Nvidia chips, but Pilot has been doing this since 2017. And you can go company by company by company that came into this thing raving about how Piloter changed their business from things that used to take six months now take six seconds. That is how big this is. Even in 2017 before AIP when it was the legacy platform of Palunteer foundry when foundry was the main thing that Palanteer was doing essentially they already ran a similar project with a much bigger business. Airbus was struggling with the A350 production line. They were way behind. They were about to lose tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars of contract. PR damage, quality issues. They could not get the A350 off the ground quite literally. And Pilenter came in and they built a digital twin for Airbus. Essentially the same thing they're doing with Lotown with better software, better hardware. They've managed to increase production for Airbus by 33% and increase the quality of the planes that are coming out off the assembly line, a savings of about $2.5 billion a year for Airbus. And that's why the top 20 clients of Palunteer are paying $50 million each annually because this thing is worth billions. And now you're going to get the same result on a bigger scale with more PR with more media coverage, but the palenteer OGs know. We know it's been done since 2017. It's just y'all now are getting on the bandwagon. You're going to see with Lowe's what they can do. And finally, Men Media is going to see and finally all this hoopla is going to start about how insane the results are. But if you just went to one AIP con over the past 2 years, you would have heard this from top CEOs around the world talking about this thing, talking about how it changes businesses 180 degrees. Now mainstream media now finally have accepted the fact that this is the leader in the AI industry from the software side. They've understood what Denise has been saying for two years, what I've been saying for the past five years that there is no alternative. Tina, there is nobody else with the Nvidia deal. What happens is my whole plan for where Palanteer is going to be in the next 5 to 10 15 years just to be in the next 5 to 10 15 years just to be in the next 5 to 10 15 years just accelerated by 10 times. You have to understand that Palanteer's distribution so far was basically, hey, we're gonna get more clients. Word of mouth, clients will recommend us. We'll get more clients and we grow with Nvidia basically partnering with Palunteer. Palanteer is going to be massively upgraded as far as distribution. They're getting on the distribution of Nvidia. Nvidia is literally monopoly in chips. They can't make enough of them. And now Nvidia goes with Palunteer's one package deal. Can you understand what it makes for Palunteer distribution capabilities without spending a single dollar? how genius this move is. More revenues, more margins, more growth, more everything. A parabolic spike in the business that I've been talking about for the past few years is about to happen. As you can see, it's been priced accordingly because the market finally understands what we've been saying since 2022, since 2020. This is a massive gold rush. And in this gold rush, the biggest winners are going to be the pix and shovel sellers. And the best picks and shovel sellers are Nvidia and Palanteer. The only difference is that Nvidia is already a $5 trillion company and Palanteer is a $500 billion company. What we have here right now is one company that's already priced accordingly and one that ain't. palenteer at 500 billion is still a far cry from the real valuation it should have once everybody finally understands is just as good and as big as an important as Nvidia people already see the difference they're starting to get this but they're not there yet and that gap creates more investing opportunities just like we did in 2022 2023 and so forth and while nobody's arguing that Palanteer is a bad company or it has weak fundamentals you know we have 90% revenue growth We have 500% growth in free cash flow. We have net income growth over the past three years of 216% and 80% gross margin. This is a company with $5 billion of cash, almost no debt. So the fundamentals are great and nobody's trying to argue that the company's bad, but they're saying, but look, Tom, it's good and all, fundamentals are strong and all, but they don't justify a 4004B. That's just too much. Now to me the answer is just not about being right or wrong here. It's about what you think about palenteer. At 400 forward PE naturally these current fundamentals cannot be justified. You know based on the existing fundamentals a 400 multiplier is just too much. The only way to bridge that gap is what do you think the company will do in the future? Basically, the gap between the current fundamentals and the 400p is what do you think the company's going to do? So-called expectations. If you have expectations that this company is going to take over the world, the 400p is totally justified. If you don't expect Pilenteer to take over the world and you think it's just another nice business, then the PE ratio is not justified. And there goes your entire decision whether to invest or not. It's all about what do you think the future looks like for this company? That's the only thing that 400 is just a question disguised as a number. [snorts] Now, to me, it's all a question about belief. Do you believe in what they can do? And when I say believe, I don't mean as a hunch or as an emotion or as a hope. Did you do the work? Did you do the analysis? Did you do the research? And did you come up with an answer that says, "Yes, these guys can do it. I believe it's more likely than not they're going to get it done." You're paying for a massive premium here. You have to understand if the value in your opinion is there or not because paying a premium for value you don't see is foolish, right? I think that they're running a monopoly in the hottest best business in the world. I think that the total market here is insane. The total market, we haven't even scratched the surface. I think that they have a wonderful model where they have recurring annual revenues, an insanely sticky business. They now partner with Nvidia creating a monopoly monopoly. So I definitely see the potential here and I totally am not worried about the 4 R&amp;B just like I wasn't about insider selling back in 2022 when everybody were. But that's just my opinion. This company carries a lot of risks as well. It has massive volatility. It's going to have wild swings when you have so much expectations on the company. Every time there's some bad news, every time the market does its thing, every time there's uncertainty, this company's going to suffer first. It's going to have a lot of sensitivity to sentiment changes, whether it's the total market or just Palunteer, it's going to have a lot of sensitivity to what expectations from the company are. If you have some government lumpiness all of a sudden and a couple of quarters does not love government deals, it can absolutely correct hard downwards. So, this is not the sort of stock you buy and just think it's going to go up parabolically or in a linear fashion. Just because it did something for the past two years doesn't mean it's going to keep behaving this way. Yes, the past two years it's been straight up, but I just want to remind you that even this year, even this year, we had a 50% drop in Palunteer share price this year. Everybody already forgot about it, but it happened. The thing is you have to be aware of the risks and the traits of this company. You can't invest in it if you don't believe and you can't invest in it if you don't have the stomach for this insanity. So because we just talked about how dangerous this market is, how insanely hypy it is, and how nervous it should make you. We also talked about how great Palunteer is and why you can't time the market or time the tops, why you should always be investing. The only logical solution if you are a fan of what Palanteer is doing and you have high hopes for this company and you've done the work, the only logical answer here would be you have to continue to buy Palunteer stock at a normal pace at a fixed amount by dollar cost averaging into the stock and to do so slowly right now because the price is very very high and to slow down when the price drops as you know and if you don't let me just explain to you my system could not be simpler every Every time the stock drops 20% below the highest point it's been this year, I'm going to double down my amount. Every time it's above that threshold, I'm going to be spending 50% of my usual amount. That's how I'm going to create a weighted average. It's going to bring my cost basis in the stock over time to a very low place. Just like I remember Chuck, Captain Chuck, you can see on the screen now, have been doing this for years. He's one of my oldest members. This is a screenshot from 2024 showing his buys from 2022 to 2024. As you can see on the screen right now, this is an old table of how he did it. All he did here is buy of how he did it. All he did here is buy of how he did it. All he did here is buy heavy when the stock was down. He was buying 15 shares when the stock was at 24. He was buying 40 shares when the stock was at 14. But look at the 300 shares he bought when it was below $10. Look at the 100 shares he bought when it was $8. He was using a similar style to mine by buying heavy when the stock was down and buying slowly when the stock was up. But he never stopped buying. But just this lot right here you're seeing on the screen now went from $9,000 just in 2022. It's now worth $180,000. And by the way, in 2024 it was worth $100. Sorry, $100,000. But you get the point. We went from 9,000 to 100,000 to 180,000 in just a couple of years by dollar cost averaging buying at fixed amounts at fixed intervals. Buying more it's down buying a little bit less when it's up by constantly buying. He just made 9,000 into 180,000. This was in 2024, right? This screenshot is old. If I ask him to bring me some new info, it's going to blow your mind. Now obviously there's certainly other things you need to understand here because as good as Palanteer is, it's not the only stock in the world. You have to understand that you are doing this with the right company because dollar cost averaging into trash is not going to get you anywhere. This would be the equivalent of full throttling your gas when you're running down the hill about to crash. Doesn't make no sense. So, the skill I'm offering you guys to get better at is learn how to find the next Palunteer. Learn how to find the next great stocks. Learn how to manage existing portfolios. Learn how to do this the right way. I'll teach you guys the system how we found Palunteer. I'll teach you guys the system how we found a bunch of other stocks in that time. And I'll show you how to do it yourself. paid.com/dommash. Would love to see you there. Thank you so much. Go piloter. I'll see you in the next one. is.