============================================================
Video: d04KMZTUBv4
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: IMPORTANT WARNING TO ALL INVESTORS
Date: 2025-10-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4288
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:36:53.743791
============================================================

This is an urgent warning to every single investor out there. Today we're going to be talking about the bubble, the market bubble of 2025. We're going to examine whether the current status of the market actually similarly looks a lot like the stuff we had in 2000, in 2020, in 2022, and other crashes. and we're going to work out a plan, a strategy to mitigate the risk to your portfolio should indeed this be the case, which is something that most investors are not doing right now because everybody's busy being in La La Land thinking that this would never end. Now, this was a part of a lecture we've done in the academy, but I decided to bring it out to the rest of the YouTube viewers because I think it is important. I don't want to keep this lecture behind a pay wall because I think it's super valuable that you know these things right now. The markets may seem completely irrational, completely exuberant. For the past 3 years, look at this stuff that we had in the stock market. We got the Dow up almost 60% 3 years. This is insanity. The S&amp;P is up almost 90%. The NASDAQ is down 120% in three years. Stocks like Palunteer, like Nvidia have done thousands of percent in just a couple of years. That is insanity, right? Well, not really. If you look historically, you look since the 1950s, seven out of the last 10 bull runs actually lasted more than three years. And again, the bull run on average was about five years. We're not there yet. In fact, look at this. The average bull run gives us about 180% return. Currently on the S&amp;P we're at 87. So 87 out of 180, three out of five. Historically speaking, even though it feels absolutely insane right now, like we're on the brink of a total crash. Historically speaking, that is not the case. At least statistically wise. You look at the S&amp;P 500, you see one simple thing. It always goes up even where there are little crashes. Now, back in 1996, a very famous guy by the name of Alan Greenspin, a guy who used to have John Powell's job, came out and said, "The market is an absolute irrational exuberance." This was 3 years before the market crash. So, he wasn't wrong, but he was early. And ever since he said that, the S&amp;P went from 750 to 1,500 in three years. So being right, but not on time is meaningless. Even Alan Greenspin couldn't time the market. That's an important thing to say because Alen Greenspin is no slouch. If he couldn't do it, I promise you most of you can't either. Now, if you look at the statistics, of course, we're three out of five, 87 versus 180. Historically, this is not an unusual time. But what about the macro? Can we get more security, more certainty, more objective data from the macro to kind of put us at ease that we're not going to have a bubble right now crash in our face. The macro data is actually not that bad. GDP growth is fine. We got solid job numbers even though they're declining a little bit, right? Inflation is okay at about 3%. We've got upcoming rate cuts from the Fed, which is wonderful. And we have the tightest credit spreads we had since 1998. And AI is actually making money. So on the macroeconomic side of things, well, we're not doing that bad. In fact, it seems like there's no real sign of a market that's about to pop. So we're good. We're Gucci, right? Well, it really depends. Okay. history in macro certainly point to that but the valuations oy the valuations they tell a whole different story currently the forward PE on the S&amp;P 500 is 24 now the average historically for the you know 10 to 20 years cycles are about you know 18 to 20 depends on which year you check but essentially we are quite significantly above the average on the S&amp;P 500 forward PE E and if you look at this specific chart, you'll see that this line that represents 23 forward P on the S&amp;P 500 was the cutoff date for when you could stop making money. Basically, if you jumped into the stock market, your annual average return for the next 10 years if you went in above 23 forward PE was zero or lower. In fact, if you get into the market, historically, of course, when the forward P is above 23, the green line, you're almost guaranteed not to make any money. So, this is horrible. Currently, we're 24. So, it means we need to get out. This is this is absolutely horrible, right? Look, on the other hand, of course, you have to take into account some important aspects. For example, the fact that the S&amp;P 500 never looked like this. We've never had seven companies absolutely dominate the S&amp;P 500. Might as well call it S&amp;P 7, right? If you look at the equal weight S&amp;P 500, we're at 19, not at 24. Okay? And we do have stronger growth percentage right now on earnings than we've ever had before, more revenue growth than we ever had before, and better margins that we ever had before. Okay? So if earnings are better, we got to take a look at the PEG ratio because it will take into account not just the PE but also the earnings growth. Right? There is our answer. The PEG ratio very very simple. You have the PE and then you utilize the growth rate to find out if you're overvalued, undervalued. One means you're cheap. Two means you're expensive and between one and two means that you're a little bit of expensive but nothing too crazy. Currently, the pay ratio on the SP 500 is 1.35, which means we are exactly in this spot that is no help to us at all, we still are no is no help to us at all, we still are no is no help to us at all, we still are no better off knowing, yes, we're a little bit expensive, but absolutely not exuberant. So, if we don't have an answer from PE ratio, we don't have an answer for macro, we don't have an answer from valuations, okay? We have to go to the experts, folks. we have to go to the so-called talking heads on mainstream media to tell us what's going on with this market and they know best. Okay, so let's defer to the experts, shall we? Okay, so this is just a partial example of one expert and then the other expert and then the third expert saying opposite things. For example, here we have bubble can push all the way to 9,000. Then head of JP Morgan says we have a major risk of a crash. Then more warnings of a crash. Then you look at other experts saying 7,000 maybe even 7750 and then more warnings of a crash. So we have multiple experts saying opposite things about what this market is. That's also no help. So what we got to do here folks is we got to prepare in a way that eliminates all this garbage out. No opinions, no gut feelings, no experts. We have to have a scientific test, a scientific approach. And that's what I've done in the academy lesson that we've done on this topic. This is kind of a highlight of the main stuff we talk about it there. But basically, we kind of found that most crashes have shared these eight elements. When these eight things happen, well there you are almost guaranteed to have a crash. One through eight. If all of them happen in 2025, you're guaranteed a crash, right? If some of them happen, you get 50%. If none of them, you're safe. Okay. So, let's go through these tests. Eight tests. Number one. Okay, we have extremely high valuations. Number two, we have a quick stock appreciation. Number three, surges in IPOs, initial public offerings. Number four, we have an increase in credit supply. A lot of money in the stock market, right? Number five, euphoria. Number six, lack of breath, a very concentrated rally. Only a certain type of stocks enjoy, but not the rest of the market. Number seven, lowquality stocks pop out of the stratosphere. And number eight, claims in the mainstream media and social media that the old parameters of valuations no longer apply because this is the future, bro. Okay, so let's go test by test and see what we got. If we get all eight, that's a 100% crash. If we get none, it's a 0% crash. And if we get four out of eight, well, that's pretty much a toss up, a 50/50. Okay, you don't have to have all these tests to determine, but this is kind of a tool for us to evaluate objectively where we are right now. Okay, so let's start with valuations. This is the first thing. Okay. I think we all understand that valuations are not cheap right now. As I mentioned earlier, S&amp;P forward PE is 24. The historical averages are in the high teens. We're definitely above that. We are higher than 2020. We're higher than 2008. We're on par with 2022 and we're lower than the dotcom crash. So, while we're not int crash levels yet with a 33, we're above the other three crashes. So, like 75%. And for me it's very very simple to say that at least on the valuation front of things. Well this is a real risk which means it does trigger a red flag which means one out of eight red flags right now are triggered for me. Let's move on to the second test. Okay the second test is about quick acceleration. Do we have a stock price surge over a short period of time? Right now the S&amp;P is at 6500. The past six months, we're up 22% which is about four or five times higher than the average. The average would have been right now four to five percent. We're 22. And if you look at the 50-day moving average, we're above that for over 100 consecutive days, which is the highest streak we had in 10 plus years. And if you take a look at this, okay, both the three and the six month basically tell us that we're well above the normal. And for me, this just means another red flag. Okay, we're not going to sugarcoat it. We're not going to put lipstick on a pig. Yes, valuations are high and there is certainly quick acceleration in the share price. So, currently two out of two, we have a test that basically says, hey, this is not good. Now, do we have surges in IPOs? Do we have more companies going public initial public offerings right now? Well, look, in the Q3 of 2025, we had 64 IPOs, right? Which means that we have right now the best IPO market we had since 2021. But then again, how do we compare to 2021 itself, which was clearly a bubish market? And there in lies the important details. Okay, we're still far far away from the insanity of 2021 that caused the crash of 2022. We have 400 new listings by this point in 2021 in October. Right now, we're at 263 in 2025. Okay. We had $142 billion raised in 2021 at this point right now we raised 32 billion at this point in 2025. So while you know if if you also look at the first day average company goes public lots of euphoria first day performance 32%. First day performance right now 17%. So what you have here is about a 43% of the situation in 2021 which means warm but not boiling hot which means there's no red flag here. I don't think anybody can claim that we have a massive surge in IPO activity right now based on the data. So this test does not apply. Two out of eight still. Okay. We're going to number four. Increase in credit supply. Okay. Do we have banks willing to give more money to the public? Do we have investors accepting less yield for more risk? Do we have massive flood of money into the stock market? Okay, again, if you look at the corporate bond issuance, it's up 6% year-over-year. We have a high yield spread of 2.8, which is very tight, but not exuberant. So, it is getting warmer, but it's not exuberant. Loans are up, all loans in the US are up 5% year-over-year. Commercials are up eight, which is a little bit on the high side. But again, it's getting warmer. The money is getting more plentiful, but it's not euphoric yet. Banks are not throwing money at people and companies. Certainly not the case. It is getting easier, but still not insane. And investors are willing to accept smaller yields as the tight credit spreads show. But again, it's not out of this world. So for me the verdict is conditions are easier but not completely in the euphoric mode. So two out of eight still after four tests. Now we go to test number five. Okay. Do we have euphoric sentiment? Because it feels like it. If you go on social media it certainly feels like it. But do we actually have it based on objective data? Is the shoe shine boy example. Do we have the shoe shine boy talking to you about their portfolio on Wall Street and whatnot? Okay. So right now the AAI retail survey shows us at 46% bulls, 35.6% bears. Now the average of bulls is 37.5 which means we're higher. But the average on pre-crash cycles was about 60%. So right now we're not close. We're better than average but not close to crash. And if you look at the fear and greed index, we're currently in the 30s. nothing euphoric right now, at least on the retail sentiment side of things. Okay, that's why we're not in the 2000 era yet. And we have to still say no here. So, we're still two out of eight after five tests. Test number six, do we have lack of breath? Essentially, do we have a few stocks that are leading the charge and everybody basically is being left behind? Right now, if you look at equal weight versus S&amp;P 500, that would be a really good way of finding out. Okay, does the situation only apply to the big boys? Well, let's see. Okay, do we have fewer stocks participating? Right, so 36% of stocks only are above the 50-day moving average, which shows that most stocks aren't. And while the S&amp;P has done 22% year to date, the equal weight is only up 8%. Again, you can clearly see the difference here. we have fewer stocks leading the charge. So right now concentration at the top is very very high, it's obvious and while a lot of stocks are running up and it seems like everything is running up but there's a lot of stocks that are not in AI or robotics or tech or energy that are being left behind. So in my opinion, even though this is a yellow flash because I'm conservative, we're going to count it as a red flag. We're going to give it three out of eight on the conservative side. Now, if you look at test number seven, do we have trash blowing up like it's the next thing since sliced bread? And certainly this is the case, right? Stocks with weak fundamentals blowing up. And if you look at the recent Goldman Sachs survey of unprofitable stocks, they're up 60% since April. Same company, Goldman Sachs with most shorted stocks up 60% since April. So all this unprofitable, most shorted stocks, they're up 60% in six months. This is insane. Now, this is a list of the top 15 performing stocks of 2025 so far. And this is the list that we will analyze in the academy over at patreon.com/dommnash. I'm going to go name by name by name, analyze all of this in our most upcoming lecture on the academy. you can join right now and get that lecture as well as our top stocks list as well as access to a community and a whole bunch of other stuff that will make you a better investor. But that's not the point here. So, what we've done here is we analyze these top 15 companies and we just wanted to see how many of them are solid, how many of them are weak but improving, how many have mixed quality, and how many of them are pure trash. Not surprising that only three out of 15 had strong fundamentals. Only 20% of the entire list of the top 15 performing stocks of 2025 so far have strong fundamentals. That is insanity. Now, six out of them, which is 40% have absolutely trash fundamentals. So, the vast majority of these stocks we've seen earlier, they're not that good on the fundamental side. It's all about the story. It's the future, bro. It's nonsense. Okay? I'm not saying that these companies are trash. I'm just saying that the best performing stocks of 2025 so far have either very weak fundamentals or mixed only three out of 15 are what you would call classically good companies from a fundamental perspective. Okay, so trash is blowing up no doubt low quality is going out of out of the stratosphere and this test certainly is blinking red. So we have four out of eight. Let's move on to the final test. Do we have a narrative where no longer you should be looking at valuations, P ratios and all that stuff? That's old people's stuff right now. It's all about the narrative, all about the new paradigm shift and all that stuff. Okay? Now, look, if you look at AI, crypto right now, it's certainly there. It is certainly there. The conversation is all about compute. It's all about AI. It is situations where classic valuations have been thrown under the bus. Nobody cares. Okay, now here's the thing. Maybe they're right. I'm not here to say that they're wrong because look, even in 2000, the internet revolution was real. The claim that it's the future, bro, and it is a paradigm shift was not wrong. But what you had is because this happened in such a large scale, a lot of fakers jumped into the market and there were a lot of trash mixed in with the great companies that have changed the world since. So yes, I think AI certainly has the same potential as the internet, if not better. But you will have a lot of trash. It's not the point if AI is the future. The point is, did we have a narrative change where everybody's just talking about the story? Nobody's looking at the numbers. That is the only test. And certainly this is the case right now. Nobody cares about fundamentals. It's all about the story. This means we have certainly a red flag on eight. we have a narrative break in favor of AI and crypto. And even if the narrative is correct, this means that people have lost touch with fundamentals, which means that it certainly counts as a red flag and we have an five out of eight here. And unfortunately, the verdict here is that we certainly have a elevated risk of a market bubble in the stock market right now. Five out of eight test point us to a 62 and a half likelihood that we are in a market being formed right now based on this specific test. Now the limitations of this test are clear. It's just one test and you can run many different ones. But also the other thing is this was a very narrow race. It was 50/50 up until the last test. So it's a borderline result but still there is elevated likelihood which means there is elevated risk which means that even though we don't time the market and we don't predict now we have to prep because we do have to mitigate any risk that we see as a possibility. Okay, this means we're not going to be predicting. This means we will be mitigating. This means that we will be preparing our portfolio regardless if we think that this likely or not likely. So step one, this something I talked about in the academy. Number one, keep dollar cost averaging at your normal pace. Number two, keep increasing your pace when your stock goes 20% below the 52- week high, which is something we teach in the academy. And number three, set two triggers to trim. Number one, if you have a position weight going above its designated size, trim. If you have a stock that has outran everything, no real fundamental change, but the stock price is flying, trim. Now, step number two, only add top quality stocks to your stable. Narrow down your focus right now to only companies that fulfill these. Only positive free cash flow for the past 46 quarters. Only net cash profitability for the past 46 quarters. Only revenue growth for 10% or better for the past 46 quarters. clear mode, a CEO that's out of this world, a great team, no major entanglements and legal issues for the company. Once you go through this stage, you go to step number three, and that is where you apply our scorecard. The scorecard has 125 points. It's based on cash versus debt. If they have more cash than debt, 10 points. Revenue growth, 10 points. Operating margin is below 10%, you don't get any points. Above 10, but less than 25, you get five points. Above 25%, you get 10 points. Then short interest below 5% 10 points. Next short interest is bad. Okay. Now institutional holding below 30% no points. 30 to 60 five points. Above 60 10 points. Revenue growth versus operating expenses 0 to 10. If you have revenue growing faster than expenses you get a 10 here. Now share price of the past 5 years versus the S&amp;P 500. If you have beaten the S&amp;P 500 by 20% over the past 5 years, you get a 10. Okay? You get a 10. And you get a 10. You get a 10. Okay. Mo existing or non-existent 10 points. CEO quality 10 points. Recession proof five point max. Secular trend AI crypto whatever the case may be, right? Culture and missiondriven companies only 10 points. Talent and quality basically how good is the talent they're recruiting? Is it the Tesla level or piloter level recruitment or it's just you know average people? If your top score is 125 the cutoff here for me is 100 plus. If you get more than 100, you qualify to be in the portfolio in this very dangerous situation. If you're below 100, you're not for me. Okay? Time in the market is the best friend of a great business. This would be a great business, 100 plus, and the worst enemy of an average one, which means a score below 100. Step number four, trim winners. If you have big winners where you've made a lot of money, trim, there's no shame in this. It's not about being a fan of the company. It's not about a religious cult. If you have big winners, trim it. Really looks stupid until it doesn't. Until the market actually pulls the rug under you. Number five, trim speculative stocks. It's very important not to hold unprofitable trash in times like this. I know it's running up right now, but these would be the first casualties. Not a good time to hold on to speculative trash. Number six, apply risk controls. Have no margin ever. Number two, no concentrated bets right now on anything. Okay? No averaging down in a company that's still burning cash like crazy. And always have six months of money of cash, hard cash, in case the market pulls. And then you have to be liquid. Number seven, remember the freaking rules. You do not win in this game by timing the market. Okay? There's no way to time it top. Number two, very important, you win by buying quality, by dollar cost averaging. You win by having a system. Five out of eight means we have a red flag. It doesn't mean we panic. It doesn't mean there's a guaranteed bubble. It means we have risked it. We have to mitigate and address not just ignore. Process beats prediction. It is very very simple. Now we teach all of these stuff that are essential to you being a better investor over at the rock academy. pion.com/dommnash. This was a highlight executive summary of a lecture we did last week. I invite you to join. Here's a few testimonials. You can pause the screen and read. This guy paid off his mortgage. This guy had a 73% year and he trimmed a little bit because he knows this ain't going to last forever. It's just examples of the sort of thinking we have in the academy. Would love to put you on this program as well. patreon.com/nomash. Would love to see you there. Thank you and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.