============================================================
Video: uaqizVc4PHQ
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: The Stock Market Apocalypse Just Started [Do This ASAP]
Date: 2025-04-03
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2629
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:42:15.899608
============================================================

The tariff extravaganza of April 2nd, also known as the liberation day, turned out to be a lot worse than everybody expected and the market dove off a cliff. In today's video, I'm going to analyze what happened, but mainly I'll tell you what happens next and how you need to set up yourself as a smart investor. Now, obviously, I didn't think Trump is going to take it this far. In fact, I thought about three options. One would be Trump absolutely backpedaling off this thing and finding a ladder on the offramp. Scenario number two was some sort of a blend between that and imposing some tariffs and scenario number three was going full tilt with the original plan and what we got yesterday was a lot worse than scenario three. Now I thought this was an unlikely event but yet the stock market and Donald Trump never cease to amaze you. Now right now we have tariffs on China another 34% to the existing 20%. We have the EU being tariffed a lot of other countries and there's a lot of fears right now that this might be a possible trade war that might lead to a possible slowdown in the economy, a possible recession and obviously as a result a lot of issues with the stock market. Now in today's video I'll talk about why Trump is doing what he's doing, how it impacts your portfolio, how long this will continue. Basically, what happens next from here after our worst nightmares came true yesterday on April 2nd, aka the liberation day. And by liberation day, I think we were liberated from our money. At least at this point, this is where it stands. Now, I didn't think Donald Trump is going to choose the nuclear option. Basically going full tilt with the original plan and some. I actually thought he might find an offramp or some sort of a mix, but this was the worst of all options. And frankly, I didn't see it coming. tariffs on China, the EU, anybody over 50 countries impacted. So, let's talk about number one. Obviously, the big elephant in the room, which is the recession fear, right? A lot of experts are now basically chiming in saying, well, we think that the odds of a recession following the April 2nd tariff extravaganza basically went up. Some say 30%, some say 50% chances of a recession. Now, a lot of different experts, a lot of opinions. You know what Dirty Harry once said? Opinions are like Everybody's got one. Now, I also have an His name is Dima and he's asleep on my couch right now. He came in for a couple of weeks and never left. That was 5 years ago, but that's a story for a different video. Now, let's talk about what happens if we actually fall into recession following these tariffs. Obviously, if God sneezes, we're all going to get wet. The same thing with the recession, with the tariff, trade war, all of this. This means consumer spending is going to come down. This means that consumer sentiment is going to come down. There's going to be layoffs. GDP growth will slow down. There's going to be more investors going from actual positions to cash already started happening and you see a lot more fear in the stock market and a lot more stock market declines. All of this is going to start happening if the odds of recession and a trade war do not basically subside over the next few weeks. the stock market is going to start to price in this new reality and that's going to cause a stock market decline. That's just a part of doing business. And obviously that begs the question, why do it in the first place? If there's so much risk involved in imposing so much tariffs across 50 countries, why would you take this risk on? Why would Donald Trump choose to do it knowing the risks? And actually, the reason is a blend of a few different factors. Number one, Donald Trump is aiming to get other countries to reduce or cancel their tariffs imposed on US goods. Number two, he's trying to get more money from tax collections. Number three, he wants to bring back production into the United States and obviously, of course, reduce the cost of the US national debt. Now, if you're not aware, we actually are paying a lot of money on that debt. And the money is a result of how much the rate is. And that rate has everything to do with bonds. And when the stock market declines, everybody flees to safety and that safety is the bond market. And as everybody's trying to buy up bonds, the yield is coming down and the US cost of servicing the US national debt come down. There's a lot of theories about why he's doing this intentionally or maybe that's just a side effect. Whatever the case may be, that's the thing. Now, so far there's some exemptions here that are actually quite significant. copper quite important manial minerals manurials it's a manurial a exemptions for example copper minerals lumber energy semiconductors pharmaceuticals all of these will be exempted for the meantime but more importantly there is an offramp there is a loophole to get away from all of this. Donald Trump said yesterday that if other countries will take significant steps, whatever that means, to reduce their tariffs, the United States may consider to reduce theirs as well. Basically saying that if Donald Trump decides that somebody took a significant step to reduce their tariffs, whatever that means, they get to cancel these tariffs. Basically allowing Donald Trump an offer at any given moment. Now, so far they've got about six days left to negotiate this because these tariffs take place at April 9th, which means that a lot of these countries will have to try and negotiate a deal from now until April 9th. And with the exception of China, most of them are already negotiating. So there might be a whole solution here inside these negotiations before we even apply a single tariff. Of course, with the exception of China, which actually means that the duration of this whatever this is right now, a very painful moment in time might be short-lived. If every single country out there, with the exception of China, actually makes a deal with America and then Trump pulls the tariffs. Well, we're back to square one and the stock market will have to repric that moving in the opposite direction of what we've seen over the past 24 hours. Now, of course, if this continues long-term without negotiations, without a deal, without a solution, then there is a serious chance of a recession. Now, the good news and the bad news. Well, the good news are that in 85 years, we had 12 recessions. The average duration of a recession is about 10 months. Not that long. Now, the longest we had was 18 months, and the shortest was two months. That was back in CO. Basically, it's a one-year thing if it happens, not the end of the world. Actually, far better than this. Obviously, in the short term, if it happens, jobs will come down. Obviously, there's going to be less spending, layoffs, financial activity is going to decline significantly. That's what happens. And the average decline in the stock market in the US recession of the past 85 years is actually 30%. Not horrible. And even though the average is one year for a recession, after that one year about 85% of stocks are already in the green. Which means one thing. Statistically speaking, if you look at history of the past 85 years, investing during a recession was one of the best money making moves anybody could have done. Anybody who invested during a recession have made a lot of money over the next 10, 15, 20 years. And everybody who ran off and basically said, "Hey, no mouse. we're out of here. They came back and got rugpulled on the same way in the next recession. All of this is a repeatable cycle. I talk to you about this all the time. You want to start buying slowly as the market starts to decline. And when we actually go into a full tail spin recession, that's where millionaires are made and that's actually where billionaires are made. The money is made buying good companies at 10 cents on a dollar. Exactly like we did in 2022 with Palunteer. I'm going to give that example again and again because guess what? We bought Palunteer at six. It's currently at 80 or 90 or 100 depends on when you watch this video. We made a lot of money in Palunteer. You actually want to join the academy payment.com/dommnash. We have members who have made 100, 200, 300, 400, 500% over the past few years following this same strategy. Check it out. You might learn something. Now, what to do as a smart investor in this environment. Now, short-term volatility is going to be a part of the game right now because the way Trump is is an agent of chaos. It's going to be a volatile time in the market over the next few years, regardless of what he decides or doesn't decide to do with the tariffs. Obviously, it's going to crush a lot of traders. This is not an easy moment to be a trader, not like 2023 and 2024. But for long-term investors, this is basically our Christmas list. You know, we're looking at all these companies being discounted heavier and heavier and heavier, and we're trying to figure out where we want to deploy the money because there's a lot of opportunities, a lot of cheap companies. Now, you have to remember that 2025 is a lot different than 2005. We have so much algorithm creating, we have so much bots, a lot of this overreaction gets amplified because all these bots, they move in a school like a fish and basically they just swing from side to side. And this more erratic movement is just part of the game. Now, on top of this, you add media. On top of this, you add all the margins calls. We're going to see if the market actually drops. So, it's made a lot of noise shortterm over the next few weeks, few months. Expect the market to be volatile, noisy, and smelly. Basically, like a fart. But for a long-term investor, shouldn't really matter. And you know me, I'm a long-term techoriented investor, which means that I focus on the S&amp;P 500 and tech currently, Palanteer and Tesla. Now, right now, we'll look at this tariff situation. I don't see a lot of impact on tech stocks on growth stocks. A lot of this impact is going to be on industrials, consumer discretionary, energy, possibly real estate with construction cost. These will be the areas that will be most impacted by this. Tech is going to be the least impacted. Obviously, not talking about the stocks. The stocks in the tech sector drop more than anything else during a stock market crash. So talking about the fundamentals, fundamentally speaking, the business of these tech companies is not supposed to get hurt significantly by these tariffs. In fact, a company I invest in, Palanteer, will actually benefit from these. And I've explained this multiple times. When you become more volatile, when we become more uncertain, when we have more tax cost and these logistical issues become more complex, companies like Palunteer who provide data analytics and solutions, those are the companies who will benefit from this chaos. Palanteer was built to thrive in chaos. And whether you like it or not, this presidency in the next three and a half years are going to be riddled with chaos. And a company like Palanteer is going to use this to generate more and more business regardless of the share price. We've seen that play out in 2022. Don't fall for the short-term noise. And obviously, there's a few lessons here for every investor. Number one, it's important to focus on companies with great fundamentals, pricing power, and a mode. These companies outperform during bad times. financially speaking, from a business perspective, not talking about the share price in the short term. That's why when this thing blows over and their stock price goes back up, it goes up a lot higher than anybody else. Palanteer is a fine example. Another thing is I've been preaching about this for the past two years when the market was flying going into the stratosphere and people were telling me, "Well, Tom, you're missing out on all these profits on Palunteer and Tesla. Why is 40% of your portfolio stuck in the meager S&amp;P 500?" Well, guess what? Over the past few months, year to date, Tesla is down almost 30%. The S&amp;P 500 is down 3.5%. You see the difference? You see why it's important to have a safeguard like the S&amp;P 500. It's not going to fly as high in good times, but it's going to break your fall in bad times. Very, very important. If you don't have an allocation for the S&amp;P 500, make sure you do. It's one of the core principles we teach in the academy. A core allocation of S&amp;P 500 is an important safeguard for every portfolio. Another thing is you have to understand that volatility is not risk. Volatility is opportunity. If you understand this mindset, all of this becomes yum yum give me some. It doesn't make you panic. It doesn't make you get emotional. You're going to say, "Oh my god, what should I buy? So many opportunities." Now, if you actually invest long-term, your DCA, and you understand the volatility, opportunities, you're looking at this and you don't feel any panic, you feel excitement, which is exactly what we feel in our community. Investing in long-term investing DCA eliminates all this emotional that media is trying to get you to react to. They want you to click. They want you to panic. They want you to trade. They want you to be emotional. None of this is beneficial to your investing career long term. And that brings me to my next point. And right now, what you're seeing is a fine example of that. You cannot predict what happens in the short term. I thought that the Trump announcement is going to be way more lenient. It came out a lot harsher than I expected. That's why I don't predict. I prepare. That's what we teach in the economy. We do not predict. We prepare. We are ready for every scenario. If the market crashes, we have a scenario. If there's a correction, we have a scenario. If the market flies up, we have a scenario. We have a prepared plan for each scenario. We don't try to predict the market. We just react to what's going on with our plan. We execute. That's why I invite you to join the academy at patreon.com/dommnash. Would love to see you there. All the cynics, you're not invited. Traders, you're not invited. Short-term mindset, no need. If you're a long-term investor and you want to make money over the next 1015 years by doing it the right way, ignoring all the noise, eliminating panic, eliminating emotion, and finding a system that actually suits your daily life without none of this that mainstream media is trying to feed you. Join us in the academy. We love to see you there. Peace.