============================================================
Video: lpFAU-JLsJo
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: If you are an NVIDIA shareholder….GET READY
Date: 2025-05-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4452
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:40:37.229643
============================================================

This is going to be one of the deepest dives into Nvidia ahead of earnings tomorrow in which we'll talk about buy, sell or hold based on the entire set of circumstances. A super deep dive analysis, everything you needed to know about Nvidia header earnings, everything including everything. Don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing. Let's get started. There's a lot to cover today's video. So, let's get through it. So, Nvidia became over the past few years definitely one of the most important companies in the world. I think there's no debate about that, right? Basically, what they're doing is three main things. They're allowing high performance computing. They run data centers and AI. These three things, if you kind of sum up everything they do into three categories, they essentially provide for datadriven intelligence, digital worlds, and of course AI and automation. the biggest secular trends of our world. Nvidia is sitting in the driver's seat right there with companies like Palanteer, right there with companies like Tesla. In fact, I believe Nvidia, Tesla, and Palanteer are the three companies that are situated the best to enjoy these next secular trends which are going to transform the way we do business over the next 10 years. Now, Nvidia now basically creates top dollar because it does one simple thing which is enable massive compute workloads. Now, all you have to think about is just understand that as the world is changing and we're going more to cloud, more AI, more large language models, more compute, these data centers, these infrastructures, they are not set up for the most part to handle all of this. And as the entire world is racing to catch up from an infrastructure perspective, the only game in town really is Nvidia. We've got guys like Larry Ellison saying, "Look, I just had lunch with Jensen and for the entire 1 hour we sat together. I begged him to take my money and sell me some chips. That is how bad this is. This is quasi monopolistic drag dealer level demand." And the results are accordingly just as good for Nvidia. But again, the question I'm going to answer in today's video is, can this thing continue? What's the most likely scenario for Nvidia going forward? And basically, how good of an investment this is for the next 5 to 10 years, which is what I think every smart investors need to ask themselves, not the price action, not the hype, but more the actual business analysis, which we will do in today's video. A lot to cover today. Don't click nothing, don't smash nothing, don't buy nothing, just listen. Now, right now, we've got four main product lines with Nvidia. We've got the data center business and AI. That's their main growth engine. That's where the big money is coming from. This is why almost everybody is buying Nvidia stock, this thing right here. But they still have three other business lines which are there, which are making money. We've got gaming. They're still the leader in gaming with esports, gaming growth. There's a lot of trends there as well. We've got professional visualization, architecture, medical design, 3D imaging, and of course, automotive and edge computing, basically Nvidia self-driving tech. Now, nobody's buying Nvidia stock because of their self-driving tech. Nobody's buying it because of the gaming stuff. People are buying because of this thing. This thing is the big bet. This is where Nvidia's value is coming from. This is the same thing why people buy Amazon. They're not buying Amazon for the retail business. They're buying AWS. People are buying the data center and AI business. Let's be clear, these still can make a lot of money, but they are not the reason why people are so gaga over Nvidia. And that's why I want to make it very clear in today's video. Now, moving forward, Nvidia and data centers, right? Basically, why data centers are so huge? I think a lot of people kind of don't fully understand how important this is and why this is so big. If you take a look at data centers right now, right? with data centers. First of all, you've got a lot of AI training going on. Basically, all these models being created every day and all these models being trained in new businesses being applied, being implemented, all of this thing requires massive processing power, massive implementing, adopting, training, all these things basically requires so much computing power that it almost seemed imagined in a few years we can even provide that. And Nvidia's chips, they actually help to do that. They're the only game in town. And also on top of that, you've got the AI interfacing basically running. You've got applications, LLMs, all the decision systems like AIP. Essentially, all the products that are running with AI on these company servers are running all this stuff again creating more and more strain on the existing infrastructure. Now, you have a few things here I want to pay attention to, right? Of course, you have massive enterprise AI adoption. Every single company in the world is bringing in AI into their business. At this point, we've got convenience stores adopting AI. At this point, everybody's getting on the AI train, which means the demand from the enterprise is massive. On top of that, we've got the hyperscalers essentially buying as many of these chips as possible because of their cloud infrastructure. They have to be able to support all of this. Which means the big four, Amazon, AWS, Google, Microsoft, all of the cloud providers are buying like crazy. So the hyperscalers are buying crazy. The companies are buying like crazy. And on top of it, we have this TINA. Well, what do you mean Tina, Tom? What is Tina? We're talking about Tina Turner. No, we're talking about there is no alternative, which means that this whole thing is quasi monopolistic. So this is the holy grail of the business world. You create a company that has a quasi monopolistic power in the market with almost endless straight line demand. When you have straight line demand and you are the only game in town, you pretty much name your price, which is exactly what Nvidia has been doing over the past few years. That's why their revenue growth looked the way it looked for the past three, four, five years because essentially at this point the demand is endless and these guys can literally say, "Hey, we're the only ones who can give you this. We'll charge whatever we want." But again, this is what happens so far. A lot of people are concerned whether this thing is sustainable long term. And that's a lot of the fear that people have with Nvidia is how long can this quasi monopolistic setup continue? It's not going to be forever, right? competition is going to be bound to happen. The capex cycles, the upgrade cycle of the infrastructure is going to start kind of dwindling down, etc., etc. We'll talk about that. I'm not going to shy away from any of the bad things and the risks. We're going to cover everything in today's video. We're doing a full analysis, so we're going to cover everything A to Z. Now, let's move on. So, you look at Nvidia and you say, well, why buy Nvidia, right? And it's hard for me to kind of put in words of how good this company is, right? You've got leadership and domination in AI acceleration. The same goes on with the data center GPUs. We just talked about that. We've got a lot of other revenue streams which are essentially being ignored. The gaming stuff, the other stuff, the visualization stuff. We've got an ecosystem that is second to none. We've got top talent including the CEO level. Massive amounts of money being invested in R&amp;D which basically creates more growth. We've got wide margins. I think like 65% operating margin on a company that actually builds hardware. And we've got the largest companies in the world as clients of Nvidia. So very resilient clients, very sticky clients, clients with a lot of money that are willing to pay top dollar for this. Okay. So thinking of Nvidia in these terms makes you kind of understand why there's such big excitement about it. But of course, nothing is without risk and Nvidia is no different. There's a lot of risk to consider, right? If you have such a lucrative market and this is a lucrative market, right, competition is going to start coming. When you have so much money in this industry, the competition is going to start pulling up and eventually they will try to catch up at some point with Nvidia. A lot of people think that AMD might do it or at least take a chunk out of Nvidia's pie and that certainly is a possibility, right? There's other stuff like regulation and geopolitics. We've seen how this administration essentially is blocking Nvidia from selling in China certain products. That's a huge risk, right? The Chinese risk. We've got macroeconomic risks. If the economy tanks and macroeconomics goes down the drain, well, they're not going to sell as much product. I mean, the economy is a huge risk as well given the fact a lot of people saying, well, GDP numbers coming down, a lot of issues that are pointing to a possible recession in the horizon, right? On top of it, there's also unknown disruption. Who knows which company can come up in the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months and completely disrupt Nvidia just like every other big behemoth company that could lose got disrupted by a small cool competitor. Right? Remember how AMD did this to Intel? There's plenty of other examples, right? So these are risks to consider, right? On top of it, and we also have to acknowledge this, there's also another risk that I haven't put on this backboard or so on the whiteboard, but it's also a risk we have to consider. There is this idea that people just kind of think that if Nvidia have done revenue growth of 100% of the past year and they have 65% margin, we could just extrapolate that and apply that for the next 5 years and pull out a DCF that gives us a certain valuation based on these numbers. There ain't no guarantees that this is going to continue, right? A lot of people fear that Nvidia might be the next Cisco. Cisco went through this with the telecom industry and the internet boom but once everybody upgraded their infrastructure well Cisco went back down to earth a lot of people saying what's going to happen invidia I personally don't think so and I'll talk about it in a second but you have to acknowledge these risks because you can't be in echo chamber you have to understand where the risk is coming from right but if you look at fundamentals of Nvidia I mean it couldn't be better right short interest is 1% the forward of Nvidia is 32 which is laughable for a company of this quality right at 3240p, right? We're looking at operating margin of 63%, which is absolutely insane. Monopoly numbers, cash of 40 billion, debt of only 10 billion, four times more cash than debt. We're looking at revenue growth of 114% of 130 billion, net income of 73 billion, 145% growth. We've got R&amp;D expenses of 13 billion per year, which is massive. That's money that comes back to the company. And we have institutional holdings of 67% which is exactly kind of the peak point where you say well there's so much institutional power behind the stock so much stability so much institutional involvement it just makes the fundamentals look very very sweet and I think a lot of investors who are looking and they're saying well these are really imaginary numbers there's no company that's selling at these prices at 324B with these numbers and I'm going to answer in a second why the FordB is so low and why this might be a huge opportunity if if Nvidia manages to check a few boxes. We'll talk about that in a second. That's coming up. Now, let's move on. So, the big question for Nvidia is is how sustainable is the growth? Remember when I told you the Cisco stuff, right? Well, what happens if Nvidia becomes the next Cisco, right? If this cycle of upgrades finishes and then everybody basically stops spending money. I don't think it's going to happen because I think we are looking at multiple upgrade capex cycles because telecom and this AI stuff are completely different. The life cycle of this infrastructure is going to be obsolete in 5 years. Telecom is probably 10 to 15 20 years in obso cycles. The AI stuff every 5 years you need a new upgrade. Nvidia is going to continue making money on this a lot lot more. We've got also the fact is that the margins are not going to remain 65%. I understand that. I think every reasonable investors understand that as competition starts pulling up, Nvidia will have to cut prices to maintain their dominance and the margins are going to come down from 63% operating margin for sure. But even if Nvidia operates at 45% operating margin, it's still going to be wildly profitable. What about Taiwan? Well, if Taiwan and China get into it and then TSMC, which is the main supplier, gets disrupted. Very unlikely because, as I said before, China is a literally paper tiger. They have a lot of issues they have to handle first before they invade Taiwan. Such as keeping the lights on and keeping their people fed. They've got a lot of issues, a lot of problems, demographics, economy. China is in no position to attack Taiwan. Plus, if there is a country that's going to be defended by the US, it's it's a one. I mean, nobody's going to let China get in there. On top of it, you know, the whole thing with the USChina regulatory constraints and the stuff that are going on right now with Jensen, I don't think it's actually anything real. I think that eventually they file a compromise to allow Nvidia to sell because it serves the US interest for Nvidia to be there, not the Chinese competitors. So, I don't see any huge risk materializing for Nvidia in the coming future. But the problem for Nvidia is this, right? So, right now, they're coming up with earnings. the earnings coming up in 24 hours or so. What to watch for, right? Because at some point, you know, we have to get to the meat and potatoes of this thing, right? So, when you look at the earnings, try to ignore the price action. Try to ignore the hype estimated versus not estimated. Look at these four things I've written down. Number one, look at data center revenues, right? See if the revenue growth is still there. It's going to tell you a lot about the capex cycle. How close are we to the end? Are we still at the start? Right? Look at what's going on with the gaming sector. That's going to tell you a lot about what's going on with macro. When the macro goes south, people are not spending on gaming as much. Look at what's going on with the margins. It's going to tell you what's going on with competition. Look at what's going on with the China talk. Hear what Jensen will say about China and hear the guidance. It's going to let you know how serious this whole China regulatory mess is and how much of it is just political posturing. Right? Then you look at this stock right now and it's coming into earnings very differently than it was with any other earnings recently so far. Right? The model that I know with Nvidia is well coming in super hot beating earnings and then going even higher. That's what we've seen over the past few quarters right now. Completely different story. Completely different story. So if you look at Nvidia right sure of the past 5 years 1,400% massive. Congratulations, right? Over the past year, 15%. Year to date, in the past six months, they're down 5%. So, Nvidia is not coming in hot to these earnings. They're actually cooled down a lot. And that's not a bad thing at all. That's not a bad thing. That actually might be a good opportunity for investors. If Nvidia is not coming in hot, that means that the setup might be a very beneficial setup for patient long-term investors. We'll talk about that in a second. Now, let me move on here. So, the expectations also like if Nvidia, we just said a second ago, coming in cool down to these earnings and you take a look at the estimations and you look at the expected numbers, they're quite quite tame, quite low. I mean, people always expect Nvidia to blow everybody out of the water. Not this time. There's not a lot of high expectations. We've got revenue in Q4 of last year of 39.3 estimated at 43.4. four ah that's it that's the only growth 4 billion on 40 EPS was89 expected 888 so the estimated number is actually lower than the quarter last year gross margins unchanged at 71 so the bar right now for Nvidia for these earnings based on estimated numbers are not that high so Nvidia is not coming in hot and the bar for the earnings is not very high and that's a setup that might not it will might lead to a very interesting development once earnings come in but again it's dependent on what Nvidia will show and what Jensen will say everything hinges on that and I'll explain what I mean so the stock price reaction following the earnings it can literally be the opposite of anything you think intuitively the reports might be good and the stock might come down the reports might be bad and the stock can come up Anything can happen short-term in the stock price. I wouldn't get too obsessed about what's happening with the Nvidia price in the 24 hours right after the earnings. Anything can happen. The market can stay rational much longer than any of us can stay solvent. The market can do crazy things in the short term, right? So don't be a sheep. What I mean by don't be a sheep. Everybody will be watching. Everybody in the dad and the grandpa, they will be watching one thing over the next 48 hours invidia. One thing and one thing only. You want to guess what it is? I'm going to show you in a second. This is what everybody's going to be watching. 90% of people are going to be watching this price. They're going to be focused, hyperfocused on this one tip of the iceberg on price. Nobody will have the patience and time to actually look at the entire iceberg, the business fundamentals. Only 10% of investors are going to be here looking at these things. Most of you all are going to be here. Of course, not you because you're on this video. But I mean, this is where the real story is going to be playing out. Not here. Who cares, right? What's going on with the margins, the regulation, what's going on with the R&amp;D spend, what's going on with the macroeconomy, with the demand, with the growth, everything that people are not going to be focused on is going to be the real story here. While everybody's going to be looking here, the real story is going to be in the under the sea level of the iceberg. Okay. Now, what do I mean by that? I'll show you. This is the video that I posted on December 23rd, 2021 about Nvidia. Nvidia, the ultimate stock. This is the headline. I don't know if you guys can see it. I'm going to highlight it in green so you see what I mean. Nvidia, the ultimate stock right here. Okay, December 23rd, 2021. Okay, I don't think I've been wrong about this, right? Since this video came out, Nvidia went from $30 to $130, which is 4x. So, ever since that video was made, if you're watching my channel, I mean, you've seen Nvidia do forex since I said it was the ultimate stock. But if you break it down to short-term, you're going to see that it wasn't that sweet the whole time. In fact, there were a lot of bumps in the road. I'm just going to show you a couple, not everything. Let me show you what I mean. Check this out. It seems sweet now that it's done 4x, but look at the interim period. It went from 33 to 11 in 2021. from 33 to 11. Can you understand how insane of a drop that is? It went from 94 to 76 in 2024. It went from 131 to 94 again in 2024. Nvidia over the past 5 years, and that's just partial examples, have done one thing really well, which is punish short-term speculators. And it has also done one thing very well, which is reward long-term investors. Again, people who have invested in video and just held for the 5-year period have 4xed their money. And people who played these games got absolutely annihilated by the stock. And it's not going to be different. These earnings are just another time where more idiots will be burned and more smart people will be sitting on the sideline eating popcorn analyzing the business fundamentals, not the price action. Okay? Ignore the price action. Focus on the business fundamentals. look at what the stuff that are really important, not the not the smoke screen. So basically, right now, you're saying it's a buy, Tom, right? Just buy Nvidia before earnings. Not necessarily. That's not what I'm saying. Listen to what I'm saying here, right? There really three scenarios that can happen here, right? If Nvidia misses, you know, the most likely scenario, not guaranteed, but the most likely scenario is going to be a massive decline in the share price over the short term, right? that miss can actually be a huge opportunity. I'll show you in a second why. Because that might open up an opportunity for long-term investors to get Nvidia on a huge discount. Of course, there's a scenario where it just normally beats normal beat, nothing excited. That's a 50/50. Nobody knows what's going to happen here. Nothing dramatic, right? But if Nvidia beats massively, right, the price action probably will take it even higher. In that case, there's not going to be a lot of opportunity to get it on the cheap. So, as a long-term investor, which is what is so counterintuitive to most investors, you want this. You want the massive, if you are a fan of Nvidia, and if you want to be an investor of Nvidia, if you like the thesis long-term, this is what you want. You don't want this. You want a further discount so you can get it cheaper. Again, based on your thesis, right? Now, what you ideally want is this setup right here, which is something I show in my academy a lot. You want this setup. This is the holy grail of investing. You want the price to come down while the business keeps getting better. Now, if there's one thing for certain is that Nvidia's business for the next 5 years is going to get better. We know that the demand for the data centers for the next 5 years is pretty much rock solid. We know that Nvidia is the only game in town and probably is not going to get caught over the next five years. So we know that over the next five years the business is doing this, right? So if the price action in the short term does this and you can buy an improving business at a decreasing price, that is your holy grail. That is the opportunity that smart investors looking for. They're not looking to get on the hype train when the stock goes up or sell the minute they drop a little bit because they panic. Okay, now you have to do your own decisions obviously, but if you want to get better at this, join our academy, patron.com/dommnash. Learn how to do actual company analysis, how to do actual due diligence, how to avoid the mistakes that most investors do. Read articles like this, which we posted just a few days ago about Google and transformation they've made. This is basically your entry point to smart long-term investing, not the gambling, degenerate insanity that's going on with traders right now. If you want to get better at this, join the academy patron.com/dommnash. We have just posted a recording of of a lecture that we've done yesterday, which was absolutely phenomenal. I broke down every single thing about DCA, a two-hour lecture about everything you need to know about dollar cost averaging, the double down system, when you double down, when you sell, everything you need to know about dollar cost averaging, the lecture we've done just yesterday, 2 hours, it's right now on Patreon. You can go get it right now. Now, check this out. If you also want to be better at analyzing companies, I've built a product for you. It's called stock-envp.com. You get on it. You research stocks. You run your own TCFs. You see what institutional investors are doing. You see when insiders are selling. You see what analysts are saying about a company. A must-h have tool for any long-term investor. Now, I know I've talked about a lot. I'm just excited about the product. I've built it because I haven't seen anything like this. If you guys want to jump on that, stock-mpp.com. Would love to have you as a client. And also, of course, don't forget, we'll be waiting for you in the academy over at payment.com/dommnash. You're invited to join. Check it out. There's a money back guarantee, 30 days. So, anybody who joins the academy is not happy for any reason. So, there's no risk to you. I'll see you there in just a second.