============================================================
Video: 3DEAP6gBlVU
Channel: Tom Nash
Title: Learn to Evaluate Stocks Like a Pro
Date: 2025-07-01
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4656
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T14:39:32.675091
============================================================

In this video, I'm going to share with you my complete strategy for investing for the rest of 2025. I'll give you the top seven stocks in the market right now. I'll talk about what's going on with Palanteer. Is it still investable given the fact that it ran up 1,400% of the past few years? I'll talk to you about Tesla, whether Tesla, despite all the craziness around it, is the story over or is Tesla still primed for success? There's a lot to cover in today's video. Don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Just listen. Now, look, unless you've been basically twiddling your thumb, so far, everything is up. Your portfolio is probably up. The S&amp;P is at all-time highs. The NASDAQ is at all-time highs. My own personal portfolio is up 32% since the beginning of the year. Even Tesla minus 15%, could not bring it down. My portfolio allocations are listed right here. These are the stocks I have. So, I'm up 32% even with Tesla down 15. mainly thanks to Palunteer as always. That's kind of been the case for me for the past five years. I started investing in 2020. I've made a lot of money on Palunteer. But forget about me. Everybody is in the green right now because you can throw a stock in a river and it's going to float in this market. Whatever you do right now, everything is boiling hot. This is the sort of market when everybody's confused. I think instead of doing the right thing, everybody's doing right now the wrong thing right now. Everybody's celebrating right now, giving themselves the pat in the back, talking how great they are, thinking they're a great investor. But what I teach my students is that times like this when we are in a calm state, when we are relaxed, this is the time to strategize and plan ahead and build a strategy for the next 6 months, for the next 5 years, for the next 10 years. It's not the right time to start building those strategies when the market turns in you and all of a sudden you have to have answers. You don't want to be planning a hat your battle while you're being shot at. It's better to do it in the headquarters before you go to battle. Same thing here. So for the first half of 2025 right now, unless you listen to mainstream media and panic sold in April, you are up. Whether you're sitting in an index, whether you're buying tech, whether you are kind of birkshire hathing your way through investing, you are up over the past six months because everything is up. The only ones who lost money so far are people who listen to mainstream media. I warned you about this multiple times. These guys are not your friends. And if you listen to the headlines, you will be screwed. Now, here's the thing. Right now, I think everybody understands given what happened over the past six months. Given the examples we had, Palunteer dropping 50% then getting all-time highs within a couple of weeks. the stock market dropping completely in April, coming back within a few months. We all now have seen examples in the past six months of everything I've been teaching you guys. The fact that fear and panic are horrible. The fact that hype and fear of missing out, FOMO are equally as bad. And also the fact that completely ignoring risk and just sitting and saying, "Well, I'm a happy golucky investor. I don't care about anything." All so bad. You have to be able to recognize risks, prepare for the risks, not get hyped, not get fooled, and also obviously not panic and not fear. Okay? So, what's right to do in this market when everything is calm and going great and everything seems like you're playing a video game on easy mode is to plan and prepare. This is good. Doing all of these things basically saying, "Wow, I'm a great investor in the bull market. I have made so much money." Nobody cares. Nobody cares and neither do I. So don't click nothing. Don't smash nothing. Don't buy nothing. Listen to what I have to say because I'm about to teach you how to get out of this market and for the next 5 years outperform 90% of retail investors by doing the right things. People who make hard choices lead easy lives. People who make easy choices lead very hard lives. The same thing in the stock market. I'll talk to you about a potential crash, whether there's more to go, whether there are still great stocks to invest, what's going on with Palanteer, what's going on with Tesla, my top seven stocks to invest in for the next 5 years. A lot to cover in today's video. And all of these things I just said right now are listed here so you can have a better understanding. my strategy, the top seven stocks, is Palanteer still investable after we did 1,400% on it, and if Tesla is still investable given the fact that it's dropping like a rock and all this negativity around it. All of this is coming up in today's video. So, please just listen. My only goal here is to educate you, get you in the right state of mind, literally the opposite of my media. So, listen up. So, first and foremost, I'm going to share with you the seven pillars of my investing strategy for the rest of the year. And tier one of that strategy is going to be kind of the basic, the foundations. Okay? And these foundations are three prong. Number one, don't ever listen to doomsday headlines. I don't listen to experts, professors, billionaires, mainstream media. Everybody's got an angle. Everybody's pushing something. I don't care. When I see doomsday headlines, I am trained and my students are trained to ignore that. Okay. Number two, when you hear about expensive markets like we have right now, objectively speaking, this is a very expensive market. But the market being expensive does not mean this is the beginning of a crash or a correction in the short term. An expensive market can remain expensive quite a while. And if you sit out on the sidelines, you might miss a lot of money. The markets can stay irrational a lot longer than you can stay solvent. It works in both directions. And number three, that no matter what, the fundamentals and the quality of the business will always beat the noise the longer you stay in the market. Time is the best friend of a great business in the stock market and the worst enemy of a horrible business. And all the time, this is proven again and again that fundamentals beat noise the longer you stay invested. So that's kind of the basic tier just to kind of refresh your memory. Now tier number two where it gets a little bit more interesting is the kind of blueprint of how I do it. If I had to boil down what how I do it. If I had to boil down what how I do it. If I had to boil down what I'm going to do for the next 6 months, for the next five, for the next 10 years, I will do these three things. And these three things are pretty much it. Number one, I will save more money either by creating more income or by saving and not spending on stupid stuff I don't need. Number two, I will pick better companies to invest in. And number three, I will invest for longer. If you save more money, pick better companies and invest longer, you will make a lot of money. That is tier two. The three principles that make every portfolio better than what used to be 5 years ago. Now tier three is basically your maintenance. Okay, allow me to explain. So the market can get crazy. It can really freick with your head. Okay, it's important that you stay mentally healthy. Okay, the best way to stay mentally healthy to deal with the insanity of the market on a daily basis is to get a lot of sleep. Sleep is your best weapon against insanity. Number two, every quarter you have to make a plan to upgrade your system. how you can learn a new skill. You can learn about a new company. You can learn how to financial model. You can learn a new sector which you know nothing about. Learn something that upgrades you a little bit every single quarter. Number three, stay unlevered. Good lesson for life in general. Dave Ramsey is not lying about it. But also even more important in the market. If you are unlevered, it's easier to handle volatility. basically means don't take leverage to invest money you don't have. And number four, cash wedging is super important. You have to have at least three to six months of cash on hand if the market goes south so you are not forced to liquidate positions you don't want to liquidate just to be able to pay rent and to buy yourself some groceries. Moving on to the next stage. Now we're getting a little bit more technical. The next stage is called risk. This is tier four out of seven. Number one, it's important to be able to psychologically trim. A lot of people are married, this Catholic marriage to a stock, to a concept, to a community, and they just cannot sell. That is a stupid thing to do and a stupid way to think. Trim if you are up a lot on a stock like Palanteer, right? Or on a stock like Nvidia, doesn't matter. Even well, forget even, especially in a rally, okay? and then use that cash to slowly DCA back into the same stock. That way you are reducing risk, continuing to invest if you trim 10%, 20%, 30% and then you're continuing to invest slowly through DCA back into the company. That is called d-risking. Now a lot of people are not using this and it's a shame but in our community this is kind of a one of the foundations. If a stock runs up 20% or more in 30 days, basically going parabolic, we reduce the speed of our monthly dollar cost average amount by 50%. And it remains at 50% speed as long as the stock is in this range. The minute it drops to 19, 18, 17, then we go back to normal DCA. Okay? And number three, don't let S&amp;P 500 phase out. What do I mean by that? Well, as a stock like Palanteer, Nvidia, some of these stocks that are continuously running up like crazy, they become a bigger and bigger part of your portfolio. The size and weight of your S&amp;P 500 position gets smaller. It gets shrinkedked by these overperformers. Do not let these stocks crush your S&amp;P 500 allocation. It needs to remain at 40% at 50% whatever you have no matter how good your outlet stocks are performing. So don't let these great performance shrink your S&amp;P 500. It has to be maintained. How often? I usually say quarterly. I'll talk about in a second. As you can see right here, I have the answer. Quarterly rebalance is key. I'm starting from the end. And this is also part of my tier five, which is kind of the structure stuff, right? So, as I said before, I always talk about 40% minimum in the S&amp;P 500. The S&amp;P 500 is a cheat code. It will give you 10% every single year if you just stay in for 10 years or more. It's going to double your money every six years. We have never had a negative 20-year period in the SP 500. It is a cheat code. It's going to protect you from yourself. And about the other 60%, it's really important not to get over diversified. A lot of folks they start picking stocks and they get addicted to the process and all of a sudden they find themselves with like 30 40 stocks essentially with an ETF. We have a rule in the academy not more than 10 individual stocks in your portfolio because you have to monitor all these stocks. You have to know what's going on with them. Listen to the earnings call. Read all the documents. Stay up to date. It's really really hard to manage more than 10 stocks. So 10 is max. Probably my own preference is five six max. Okay. Now, of course, people really hate me for saying this, but please don't ignore bonds. I know bonds are boring, and you can give a million different arguments why they shouldn't be in any portfolio, but having a bone component in your portfolio. I'll talk about how much in a second is really, really important. And you won't know how important that is until the feet hit the shenan. At that point, people who hold bonds will be really, really happy that they've listened and actually utilized that. Okay, let's go over to tier number six, one before last. In this tier, which we call the hard choices tier, I called it because you have to know when to sell, right? Sometimes the thesis of the stock you're investing in is broken. The CEO leaves, their business is no longer the same. The thesis is not strong, so you sell. Sometime the thesis is just as strong, but you have life issues, surgeries, emergencies, just life happens and you need liquidity. You sell. Sometimes you're rebalancing your portfolio. You're getting older or you need your percentages or whatever and just a regular rebalancing. But the one thing I teach my students is when you use the system, you use it in every direction. If you DCA in, meaning that you're dollar cost averaging into a stock, you don't pile in, you also DCA out. The way to get out of a stock is to out. The way to get out of a stock is to out. The way to get out of a stock is to slowly dollar cost average out of it just the way you went into it. So you can enjoy the benefits of the full market irrationality in the short term. Now number seven which is the final tier here. This is the tier that essentially I call how to find. So seven simple steps to identify a great stock to add to your portfolio even in the market like this. The beauty about this system, these seven step I'm about to show you, is that they will tell you what company is a great investment long term, regardless of how expensive a market, regardless of how much anxiety in the market, it it works in a bad market, it works in a good market, it has absolutely agnostic relationship with the state of the market because this is all about business. Okay? So, if you follow these seven steps, you will find great businesses. And I would even say that any company that fails one of these should not be in your portfolio for the most part. Now I would say number one is more cash than debt. You should not invest in leverage businesses. They're very very very complicated. A business that has more cash than that is my kind of business. Revenue growth needs to be at least 10%. I'm not looking to invest in stagnating businesses, you know, life cycle late businesses. The margin has to be at least 15%. The revenue growth needs to outpace the operating expenses growth. Meaning that if I'm growing 20% revenues, I need to be growing expenses not more than 15%. I need to be scaling basically growing revenues a lot faster than I'm growing expenses. The mode has to be significant. A company that does not have a mode, something to protect itself from competitors, whether it be IP, knowhow, branding, customer, regulatory, contracts, whatever. Without a moat, somebody will take their lunch. It is uninvestable without a moat. The CEO has to be one of the best in the world. The quality has to be there because bozos hire bozos, superstars hire superstars. It's just a rule of thumb. And of course, it has to be a recessionproof stock. The stocks I like to add to my portfolio and I teach my students the same is stocks that do well no matter how good or how bad the economy is. Because cyclical businesses, economy dependent businesses, you can get burned really, really fast. If a company meets these seven standards, most likely it's going to be a great company to research further. But I'm telling you, not a lot of companies are going to pass these stages. So the list isn't going to be that long to begin with. And then you can actually start deep diving your way into finding your perfect stock. Okay. Now, I want to give you a cheat code here today because some of you, I would even guess most of you, don't want to do the hard work of researching companies every day, spending hours and hours and hours. Lucky for you, there is a way not to do none of this, and still outperform classic index investing. So, the classic index investing basically sitting in the S&amp;P 500 is going to give you 10% per year, right? There is a way to get a lot of the benefit of picking individual stocks and mixing them up with the S&amp;P 500 without picking a single stock. Have you gone math at home? No. Check this out. Right? So, remember the the concept, right? Noise and chaos are not as important as revenue growth as margin growth. As long as the company's business is doing better, all this stuff are irrelevant. Okay? You also remember that great businesses, okay, they will do great in any market. Good market, bad market, good economy, bad economy. Okay, now we know that the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ, they compile the best companies in the United States and every once in a while they kick out the losers, the lagards, and they bring in the new superstars. Okay, the great businesses with zero work of finding them are these two S&amp;P and NASDAQ. Okay, so how do you beat everybody that's just sitting in the S&amp;P 500 without actually picking stocks? Well, here's the thing. Back in 1999, somebody came up with this. It's called the three fund portfolio, and that's a cheat code of investing. Now, I'm not going to teach you the three funds port because I think that this is a little bit of an outdated concept. But basically, just to kind of give you an idea, back in 1999, some dude said, "Well, you know, if you just invest in three funds, basically the S&amp;P 500, an international ETF with no US stocks, and US bonds, if you have the entire world, essentially US bonds, non- US stocks, and the best US stocks, which is the SP 400, your portfolio is going to outperform everybody because you essentially just bought the entire market, right? It's not a bad it's not a bad structure but in general if you look at the past 25 years the US stocks and the S&amp;P 500 crushed international stocks it has crushed it. So it is lagging the US market. So there is a way to adjust this to 2025 without doing any stock picking whatsoever. Right? So if you understand that US companies in 2025 are completely multinational. Right? Whether it be Amazon or Google or Meta or Apple, they're all multinational companies. They're no longer just US. When talking about US companies, you're talking about companies that sell, manufacture, and operate all around the world. So instead of using an ETF that is everything but US stocks, we can replace that and build this new 20253 fund portfolio which is the S&amp;P 500, the NASDAQ instead of the non US stocks and a total US bond ETF. S&amp;P 500, NASDAQ, total US bond ETF. In this three-fund portfolio, you'll be getting all the benefits of having a large ETF of picking individual stocks and risk management through the bond market and zero work and a lot safer. Obviously, you're not going to be making 1,400% like a palenteer investor. But nevertheless, with zero work, you're going to have outperformance over regular classic S&amp;P 500 investing. Now, the way to allocate this is quite simple. That's the only work you'll have to do in the system is just basically find out your age. I'm sure all of you kind of know where you are. If you're 30 and below, that's your location. 45 S&amp;P, 45% NASDAQ, 10% bonds. And 30 to 40, you're probably at 40% S&amp;P 500, 40% NASDAQ, 20% bonds. Don't sleep on the bonds. 40 to 50, you're at 60% S&amp;P 500, 20% NASDAQ, and 20% bonds. And if you are 50 and above, then we're talking about 25 2550 essentially 50% bonds and then a split between NASDAQ and S&amp;P 500. And anybody who's about above 60, 30% S&amp;P 500, 10% NASDAQ, not more, and 60% bonds, not sexy, not insane, but at 60 plus, you want to play more defense, not more offense, just the way it is. Okay. Now, as I promised, this is the list of my top seven stocks for the next five to 10 years. And I'll explain in a second why. Okay, my list obviously starts with Palunteer, right? The best stock in my opinion. The market right now, this is the operating system of AI for the next 10-15 years. Tesla is a close second. Even though it has not been performing great the past few years, I get it. It had a little bit of a wobbly performance, especially with the Elon implosion and the Trump stuff. I get it. But none of this matters if Tesla leads in autonomous driving, robotics, and energy which I didn't list here accidentally. Okay, three mega secular trends in which Tesla is in the pole position. Nvidia is the building blocks of data centers with GPUs. Microsoft basically is the fastest growing cloud provider and they have open AI. Crowd Shrike is the most important cyber security company in the world and growing and growing and they're about to pretty much monopolize it the same way Microsoft, Nvidia, Tesla and Palanteer are monopolizing their industries. TSMC has already monopolized the manufacturing process of semiconductors. ASML have already monopolized the manufacturing process of the machines that TSMC buys to build the semiconductors. So 1 through 7 are monopolies or about to become monopolies in industries which are going to dominate for the next 10 years which means they will make a ton of money. Excuse my French. Now the crazy part about this because a lot of you may say, "Well, Tom, a lot of these have ran up a lot over the past few years. Why are you saying this in 2025? You should have said it in 2022, 2021." I did. All of these stocks have been on our top stocks list on my academy for the past three plus years. In fact, if you take a look at it, like every academy member can right now, Tesla is up 109% since we added it. Nvidia is up almost 1,000% since we added it. Palunteer, 1200%, all of these were added in 2020. TSMC is only up 80%, Microsoft 132%, ASML 41%, the Lagard, and Crowd Strike with 175% since added. So, all of these stocks I've been talking about for years in my community over at the Roy Academy where we have a top stocks list where we have 25 of the best stocks in the market any given moment. I keep updating them. I take out the losers. I add in the winners. If you want an access to this, join the academy. Go to patreon.com/tomash. Okay. And actually learn about this. Now, as I promised in the beginning, I just want to clarify two things. Uh Tesla and Palunteer are troubling a lot of investors right now. And the answer is the same, but from a completely different direction. So on the one hand, people are saying, well, Palanteer is amazing. They're crushing it. They're the best things in sliced bread. But Tom, they're up 1400%. I find it so hard to invest in a company that did 1400% 5 years. On the other hand, Tesla is basically also killing it. But people are saying well you know the automotive revenues are down and the margins on the cars are down and Elon bad Elon politics and all the stuff the stock is down year to date and people are concerned for all the wrong reasons. It's the same answer. None of this stuff that you're concerned about here matter because noise does not matter. It's not important. If Tesla can produce FSD robotics and energy and dominate these three industries none of this noise would matter. If Palunteer can remain dominant as the operating system of AI, the fact that the hype and the FOMO and the price went up insanely over the past five years won't matter. It's still going to be a great company. So price action in the short term and noise in the short term should not be a factors in your decision to invest in either of these companies. You should make a business decision. Is this the sort of business you want to own? Is this the sort of business you want to own for the next 5, 10 years? That's it. Everything else is just absolute Now, as I said before, I'm going to give you an example. Okay, so this is Pilenteer, right? 2020 launches at 10 bucks. We buy it here. It goes all the way to 35. It crashes back to six. Now, it's back up to 150. God knows where it ends the day. Probably at 200, right? But the question is, where does it go from here? Up, nowhere, or down? I don't know. I don't know. And whatever happens, I'm either going to DCA if option one and two happen or if it drops, I'm going to double down my DCA. I'm not going to predict. I'm going to prepare because price does not mean fundamentals. If price drops and the fundamentals are great, I'm going to double down. This is this option. If price stays flat or goes up, I'm going to normally slowly say wait for my opportunity. That's it. The same thing with Tesla. The same principle works in the other direction as well. I don't have to chart Tesla here. You understand the point? Now, finally, paid.com/dommash Royacademy risk-free. Try it out. 30 days money back guarantee. No questions asked. If you try it for 29 days, DM me. Say, "Tom, I'm out. Not for me. Money back. You can watch all the lectures in 30 days and leave. Get the money. I don't care as long as you try this." Why? Because this is my life's mission to educate you and get you in a better state than 90% of retail investors. Check it out. Risk-free. Try it out. Would love to see you in the next lecture on Sunday. We have done a massive deep dive on SML, on Tesla, on a lot of different companies. Everything is stored on our VOD for all the lectures. Join the Discord, join the academy. We'll see you there. Peace.