============================================================
Video: 2unMRdT0n8A
Channel: technicalroundup
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7096
has_timestamps: True
extracted_at: 2025-12-26T17:04:16.102286
============================================================

Hello and welcome to another episode of Hello and welcome to another episode of Monday Markets. As always, show is Monday Markets. As always, show is Monday Markets. As always, show is brought to you by Woo. Links available brought to you by Woo. Links available brought to you by Woo. Links available in the description below. Hope you'll in the description below. Hope you'll in the description below. Hope you'll have a wonderful weekend. It's not so have a wonderful weekend. It's not so have a wonderful weekend. It's not so wonderful in the world of geopolitics, wonderful in the world of geopolitics, wonderful in the world of geopolitics, but we look at candlestick charts here. but we look at candlestick charts here. but we look at candlestick charts here. So, here's BTC. Uh there's a failed So, here's BTC. Uh there's a failed So, here's BTC. Uh there's a failed breakout on the weekly time frame. breakout on the weekly time frame. breakout on the weekly time frame. Failed breakouts are bad. I think this Failed breakouts are bad. I think this Failed breakouts are bad. I think this is bearish unless 104K can be reclaimed is bearish unless 104K can be reclaimed is bearish unless 104K can be reclaimed or ideally we get a higher high close uh or ideally we get a higher high close uh or ideally we get a higher high close uh through this 105ish area. Same thing, through this 105ish area. Same thing, through this 105ish area. Same thing, the pre-breakdown structure. Uh really the pre-breakdown structure. Uh really the pre-breakdown structure. Uh really what's what's happened here on the what's what's happened here on the what's what's happened here on the weekly time frame is that in a local weekly time frame is that in a local weekly time frame is that in a local sense we've gone sideways for four to sense we've gone sideways for four to sense we've gone sideways for four to six weeks and the market has seemingly six weeks and the market has seemingly six weeks and the market has seemingly chosen to move to the downside with a chosen to move to the downside with a chosen to move to the downside with a lower low close sort of the lowest close lower low close sort of the lowest close lower low close sort of the lowest close within this consolidation. And then if within this consolidation. And then if within this consolidation. And then if you zoom out it's not just a local you zoom out it's not just a local you zoom out it's not just a local phenomenon. uh but it's a high time phenomenon. uh but it's a high time phenomenon. uh but it's a high time frame range failed breakout phenomenon frame range failed breakout phenomenon frame range failed breakout phenomenon that I think is more important here that I think is more important here that I think is more important here which is that the market traded above which is that the market traded above which is that the market traded above 104k and the all-time high really tried 104k and the all-time high really tried 104k and the all-time high really tried to you know lots of public companies to you know lots of public companies to you know lots of public companies buying lots of news whatever and that buying lots of news whatever and that buying lots of news whatever and that just wasn't enough and the market has just wasn't enough and the market has just wasn't enough and the market has fallen back inside the range. So fallen back inside the range. So fallen back inside the range. So whatever time frame this would be on whatever time frame this would be on whatever time frame this would be on ordinarily you would just look at the ordinarily you would just look at the ordinarily you would just look at the consolidation which for me is 104k to consolidation which for me is 104k to consolidation which for me is 104k to 94ish and you would say falling back 94ish and you would say falling back 94ish and you would say falling back inside the range uh your relevant levels inside the range uh your relevant levels inside the range uh your relevant levels are the range midpoint and the range low are the range midpoint and the range low are the range midpoint and the range low and then you kind of go from there right and then you kind of go from there right and then you kind of go from there right and in terms of where that leaves us and in terms of where that leaves us and in terms of where that leaves us with the current chart uh falling back with the current chart uh falling back with the current chart uh falling back within the range is bearish. We already within the range is bearish. We already within the range is bearish. We already we've already bounced from the range we've already bounced from the range we've already bounced from the range midpoint. Uh but any bounces that don't midpoint. Uh but any bounces that don't midpoint. Uh but any bounces that don't result in a reclaim of 104k are just result in a reclaim of 104k are just result in a reclaim of 104k are just bounces into resistance until proven bounces into resistance until proven bounces into resistance until proven otherwise. And as we know the areas to otherwise. And as we know the areas to otherwise. And as we know the areas to do business are the extremities which do business are the extremities which do business are the extremities which means 104k resistance and 94k support. means 104k resistance and 94k support. means 104k resistance and 94k support. Uh that's really it for BTC. I think all Uh that's really it for BTC. I think all Uh that's really it for BTC. I think all other time frames say the same thing. So other time frames say the same thing. So other time frames say the same thing. So I don't think short chasing the short I don't think short chasing the short I don't think short chasing the short side of this is super sexy at the moment side of this is super sexy at the moment side of this is super sexy at the moment because it's already hit the range because it's already hit the range because it's already hit the range midpoint and kind of swing failed this midpoint and kind of swing failed this midpoint and kind of swing failed this swing point as well at 100k round number swing point as well at 100k round number swing point as well at 100k round number like all this type of stuff. Uh we've like all this type of stuff. Uh we've like all this type of stuff. Uh we've already seen a bit of a bounce and already seen a bit of a bounce and already seen a bit of a bounce and follow through even on the news. You follow through even on the news. You follow through even on the news. You know this wick was absorbed decently know this wick was absorbed decently know this wick was absorbed decently well. We've seen that play out. Uh, I well. We've seen that play out. Uh, I well. We've seen that play out. Uh, I just think at this point I I wouldn't just think at this point I I wouldn't just think at this point I I wouldn't develop any strong views at the range develop any strong views at the range develop any strong views at the range midpoint. It sort of did its job and midpoint. It sort of did its job and midpoint. It sort of did its job and held up the market. But thematically, held up the market. But thematically, held up the market. But thematically, more so than the 15-minute green candle more so than the 15-minute green candle more so than the 15-minute green candle or the hourly wick or whatever else, or the hourly wick or whatever else, or the hourly wick or whatever else, thematically I think the weekly close thematically I think the weekly close thematically I think the weekly close below 104k is the most important thing. below 104k is the most important thing. below 104k is the most important thing. Uh, if you want to be bullish this Uh, if you want to be bullish this Uh, if you want to be bullish this thing, I think you need for that pattern thing, I think you need for that pattern thing, I think you need for that pattern to either be nullified, which means to either be nullified, which means to either be nullified, which means closing back above 104 and a real test closing back above 104 and a real test closing back above 104 and a real test of the all-time highs, or you need a of the all-time highs, or you need a of the all-time highs, or you need a sufficiently deep discount to suggest sufficiently deep discount to suggest sufficiently deep discount to suggest that the bearish impulse from failing to that the bearish impulse from failing to that the bearish impulse from failing to break out of the range has played out break out of the range has played out break out of the range has played out and the thing is discounted right now. and the thing is discounted right now. and the thing is discounted right now. And I don't think you tend to get And I don't think you tend to get And I don't think you tend to get discounts at the range midpoint. I think discounts at the range midpoint. I think discounts at the range midpoint. I think you're more likely to get them at the you're more likely to get them at the you're more likely to get them at the range low or lower, whatever that might range low or lower, whatever that might range low or lower, whatever that might look like. So that's BTC. ETH is very look like. So that's BTC. ETH is very look like. So that's BTC. ETH is very similar in that on the weekly week similar in that on the weekly week similar in that on the weekly week weekly time frame it consolidated very weekly time frame it consolidated very weekly time frame it consolidated very tight range here for fiveish weeks uh tight range here for fiveish weeks uh tight range here for fiveish weeks uh and it made a lower low close to the and it made a lower low close to the and it made a lower low close to the downside. So until proven otherwise the downside. So until proven otherwise the downside. So until proven otherwise the market has chosen direction uh that's to market has chosen direction uh that's to market has chosen direction uh that's to the downside and I think the earliest the downside and I think the earliest the downside and I think the earliest weekly support would have been uh 2.3k weekly support would have been uh 2.3k weekly support would have been uh 2.3k but we closed below that and that's now but we closed below that and that's now but we closed below that and that's now acting as resistance. So that we that's acting as resistance. So that we that's acting as resistance. So that we that's no help to us as a level for the time no help to us as a level for the time no help to us as a level for the time being. So for ETH in terms of weekly being. So for ETH in terms of weekly being. So for ETH in terms of weekly levels I think the earliest where you levels I think the earliest where you levels I think the earliest where you could play a bounce reasonably using could play a bounce reasonably using could play a bounce reasonably using this time frame at least is uh below 2K this time frame at least is uh below 2K this time frame at least is uh below 2K round number 1.9 1.8K 8K uh 1.9K more so round number 1.9 1.8K 8K uh 1.9K more so round number 1.9 1.8K 8K uh 1.9K more so this is the weekly cluster right round this is the weekly cluster right round this is the weekly cluster right round number 2K 1.9K pray for a wick there uh number 2K 1.9K pray for a wick there uh number 2K 1.9K pray for a wick there uh and I think that would still be a rally and I think that would still be a rally and I think that would still be a rally that you have to treat as a technical that you have to treat as a technical that you have to treat as a technical bounce into 2.3 um but you know one bounce into 2.3 um but you know one bounce into 2.3 um but you know one level at a time I suppose to go back to level at a time I suppose to go back to level at a time I suppose to go back to that comfortable old mantra uh really that comfortable old mantra uh really that comfortable old mantra uh really the daily time frame shows you the same the daily time frame shows you the same the daily time frame shows you the same thing where this was the consolidation I thing where this was the consolidation I thing where this was the consolidation I tried to convince Don joking of course tried to convince Don joking of course tried to convince Don joking of course that this failed breakout was uh that this failed breakout was uh that this failed breakout was uh horrific he actually agreed um and now horrific he actually agreed um and now horrific he actually agreed um and now the market has failed to break out from the market has failed to break out from the market has failed to break out from one side of the range and has closed uh one side of the range and has closed uh one side of the range and has closed uh through the other side of it. So I think through the other side of it. So I think through the other side of it. So I think the earliest case in which you could be the earliest case in which you could be the earliest case in which you could be optimistic for ETH I mean obviously is optimistic for ETH I mean obviously is optimistic for ETH I mean obviously is playing the BTC correlation bounce. If playing the BTC correlation bounce. If playing the BTC correlation bounce. If you think BTC is bottomed then you want you think BTC is bottomed then you want you think BTC is bottomed then you want ETH exposure based on ETH BTC you can ETH exposure based on ETH BTC you can ETH exposure based on ETH BTC you can play that. But on in a vacuum uh on its play that. But on in a vacuum uh on its play that. But on in a vacuum uh on its own technical merits I think the own technical merits I think the own technical merits I think the earliest area where you can start earliest area where you can start earliest area where you can start playing ETH is above 2.4 and even then playing ETH is above 2.4 and even then playing ETH is above 2.4 and even then your argument is all the way up to your argument is all the way up to your argument is all the way up to potentially 2.7 uh as a retest of the potentially 2.7 uh as a retest of the potentially 2.7 uh as a retest of the range high. But other than that, the way range high. But other than that, the way range high. But other than that, the way this range has evolved is that it hit this range has evolved is that it hit this range has evolved is that it hit high time frame resistance here on the high time frame resistance here on the high time frame resistance here on the weekly, failed breakout break outside of weekly, failed breakout break outside of weekly, failed breakout break outside of the range, right? So that's bearish the range, right? So that's bearish the range, right? So that's bearish until proven otherwise. And it's just a until proven otherwise. And it's just a until proven otherwise. And it's just a question of what would prove otherwise. question of what would prove otherwise. question of what would prove otherwise. If you're really aggressive, above 2.4 If you're really aggressive, above 2.4 If you're really aggressive, above 2.4 proves otherwise. If you're more proves otherwise. If you're more proves otherwise. If you're more conservative, above 2.6 proves conservative, above 2.6 proves conservative, above 2.6 proves otherwise. But as we know, these are otherwise. But as we know, these are otherwise. But as we know, these are counterfactuals. So until such evidence counterfactuals. So until such evidence counterfactuals. So until such evidence emerges, this thing is bearish. And emerges, this thing is bearish. And emerges, this thing is bearish. And really 108 108 l.8k is the weekly level. really 108 108 l.8k is the weekly level. really 108 108 l.8k is the weekly level. Like you give me a weekly breakdown, I'm Like you give me a weekly breakdown, I'm Like you give me a weekly breakdown, I'm going to look at weekly support. I think going to look at weekly support. I think going to look at weekly support. I think it's just that straightforward. Uh same it's just that straightforward. Uh same it's just that straightforward. Uh same for BTC. If you give me a weekly for BTC. If you give me a weekly for BTC. If you give me a weekly breakdown, I'm going to look at weekly breakdown, I'm going to look at weekly breakdown, I'm going to look at weekly support and if it doesn't get there, support and if it doesn't get there, support and if it doesn't get there, great. I can change my mind and I don't great. I can change my mind and I don't great. I can change my mind and I don't mind doing so at a higher price. I'd mind doing so at a higher price. I'd mind doing so at a higher price. I'd rather do it at a higher price because rather do it at a higher price because rather do it at a higher price because that at least means there's some that at least means there's some that at least means there's some evidence of strength in the market. Um evidence of strength in the market. Um evidence of strength in the market. Um other instruments, I mean, similar, other instruments, I mean, similar, other instruments, I mean, similar, right? Like this is the reason chasing right? Like this is the reason chasing right? Like this is the reason chasing doesn't make a ton of sense. Uh we've doesn't make a ton of sense. Uh we've doesn't make a ton of sense. Uh we've seen a few of these trade through pretty seen a few of these trade through pretty seen a few of these trade through pretty significant lows and get picked up a significant lows and get picked up a significant lows and get picked up a little bit. So the swing low here on little bit. So the swing low here on little bit. So the swing low here on Fcoin got spiked through 80 cent round Fcoin got spiked through 80 cent round Fcoin got spiked through 80 cent round number scooped up. A bit of a bounce number scooped up. A bit of a bounce number scooped up. A bit of a bounce going on there. Uh Salana going on there. Uh Salana going on there. Uh Salana I think hit the weekly cluster that Don I think hit the weekly cluster that Don I think hit the weekly cluster that Don talked about on Friday. Was it this one? talked about on Friday. Was it this one? talked about on Friday. Was it this one? Might have been. I think it was this Might have been. I think it was this Might have been. I think it was this green candle or something of that green candle or something of that green candle or something of that nature. So that also hit support. So nature. So that also hit support. So nature. So that also hit support. So this is what usually happens when you this is what usually happens when you this is what usually happens when you get a high time frame breakdown is that get a high time frame breakdown is that get a high time frame breakdown is that something like this, right? High time something like this, right? High time something like this, right? High time frame breakdown frame breakdown frame breakdown hits low time frame support hits low time frame support hits low time frame support bounce. bounce. bounce. LOL. You your high time frame idea was LOL. You your high time frame idea was LOL. You your high time frame idea was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um bounce ends Um bounce ends Um bounce ends high time frame move lower resumes. high time frame move lower resumes. high time frame move lower resumes. Oops. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam. Something of that Oops. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam. Something of that Oops. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam. Something of that nature, right? At least I've been nature, right? At least I've been nature, right? At least I've been trapped by this before. Um, this is trapped by this before. Um, this is trapped by this before. Um, this is speaking from personal experience. You speaking from personal experience. You speaking from personal experience. You know, if this is a high time frame know, if this is a high time frame know, if this is a high time frame breakdown level, breakdown level, breakdown level, uh, and the market kind of closes really uh, and the market kind of closes really uh, and the market kind of closes really badly. What I've done before is kind of badly. What I've done before is kind of badly. What I've done before is kind of sold at the close and then the market sold at the close and then the market sold at the close and then the market just starts to creep up, right? And I'm just starts to creep up, right? And I'm just starts to creep up, right? And I'm like, ah man, that's a really bad entry. like, ah man, that's a really bad entry. like, ah man, that's a really bad entry. Maybe the high time frame isn't as bad Maybe the high time frame isn't as bad Maybe the high time frame isn't as bad as I think it is. I'm going to close or as I think it is. I'm going to close or as I think it is. I'm going to close or I'm going to cover or whatever. Close my I'm going to cover or whatever. Close my I'm going to cover or whatever. Close my short. And then once the sort of short. And then once the sort of short. And then once the sort of mechanical portion of the bounce is mechanical portion of the bounce is mechanical portion of the bounce is done, the high time frame idea takes done, the high time frame idea takes done, the high time frame idea takes dominance again, but I got taken out on dominance again, but I got taken out on dominance again, but I got taken out on the bounce portion and don't get to the bounce portion and don't get to the bounce portion and don't get to enjoy the higher time frame uh enjoy the higher time frame uh enjoy the higher time frame uh followrough. This isn't by any means a followrough. This isn't by any means a followrough. This isn't by any means a road map of how it works. It's just road map of how it works. It's just road map of how it works. It's just something to be aware of to not get something to be aware of to not get something to be aware of to not get shafted completely when looking at lower shafted completely when looking at lower shafted completely when looking at lower time frame bounces in the context of a time frame bounces in the context of a time frame bounces in the context of a high time frame uh move. So for me, the high time frame uh move. So for me, the high time frame uh move. So for me, the high time frame move is below 104K. So, high time frame move is below 104K. So, high time frame move is below 104K. So, anything that happens immediately after, anything that happens immediately after, anything that happens immediately after, especially if I know it's hitting the especially if I know it's hitting the especially if I know it's hitting the range midpoint, especially if I know range midpoint, especially if I know range midpoint, especially if I know it's sfping all these lows, I'm careful it's sfping all these lows, I'm careful it's sfping all these lows, I'm careful not to overinvest in that narrative not to overinvest in that narrative not to overinvest in that narrative because I think the 104k break is more because I think the 104k break is more because I think the 104k break is more important. If you get lost in the source important. If you get lost in the source important. If you get lost in the source and you think, oh, well, this is the and you think, oh, well, this is the and you think, oh, well, this is the SFP, this is the bounce. And I think SFP, this is the bounce. And I think SFP, this is the bounce. And I think playing it on a mechanical base is playing it on a mechanical base is playing it on a mechanical base is completely fine. Uh, but not if it makes completely fine. Uh, but not if it makes completely fine. Uh, but not if it makes you lose sight of the more important you lose sight of the more important you lose sight of the more important thing. I think that that's really that's thing. I think that that's really that's thing. I think that that's really that's the difficult balancing act of at the the difficult balancing act of at the the difficult balancing act of at the same time a acknowledging that the high same time a acknowledging that the high same time a acknowledging that the high time frame picture may have shifted but time frame picture may have shifted but time frame picture may have shifted but b being nimble enough to play the bounce b being nimble enough to play the bounce b being nimble enough to play the bounce that is caused by that same dislocation. that is caused by that same dislocation. that is caused by that same dislocation. It's like talking through both ends of It's like talking through both ends of It's like talking through both ends of your mouth. Uh if you don't want to do your mouth. Uh if you don't want to do your mouth. Uh if you don't want to do it or you find it difficult then in it or you find it difficult then in it or you find it difficult then in general you're better off just giving general you're better off just giving general you're better off just giving precedence to the higher time frame bias precedence to the higher time frame bias precedence to the higher time frame bias and saying yeah even if it bounces or and saying yeah even if it bounces or and saying yeah even if it bounces or whatever I'm not like I don't give a whatever I'm not like I don't give a whatever I'm not like I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what happens here unless it goes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what happens here unless it goes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what happens here unless it goes above 104k. I think that's generally above 104k. I think that's generally above 104k. I think that's generally smart for most people who are not smart for most people who are not smart for most people who are not trading super actively or frequently. uh trading super actively or frequently. uh trading super actively or frequently. uh if you're actively frequently trading in if you're actively frequently trading in if you're actively frequently trading in the market, I think you need to be able the market, I think you need to be able the market, I think you need to be able to do both, which is keep the higher to do both, which is keep the higher to do both, which is keep the higher time frame picture in mind. Uh still be time frame picture in mind. Uh still be time frame picture in mind. Uh still be open to playing counter trend lower time open to playing counter trend lower time open to playing counter trend lower time frame, but use the higher time frame to frame, but use the higher time frame to frame, but use the higher time frame to inform your lower time frame inform your lower time frame inform your lower time frame perspective, which would mean, for perspective, which would mean, for perspective, which would mean, for example, not holding like if you manage example, not holding like if you manage example, not holding like if you manage to snipe the bottom long, you wouldn't to snipe the bottom long, you wouldn't to snipe the bottom long, you wouldn't hold it all the way uh through 104K hold it all the way uh through 104K hold it all the way uh through 104K because you know this is like an area of because you know this is like an area of because you know this is like an area of resistance, so on and so forth. So, pick resistance, so on and so forth. So, pick resistance, so on and so forth. So, pick your poison type of thing. Um that's it. your poison type of thing. Um that's it. your poison type of thing. Um that's it. That's all I've got for BTC. Uh That's all I've got for BTC. Uh That's all I've got for BTC. Uh realistically, thematically, uh my chart realistically, thematically, uh my chart realistically, thematically, uh my chart is, and you all know I'm a watch stop is, and you all know I'm a watch stop is, and you all know I'm a watch stop boomer who doesn't do much day-to-day boomer who doesn't do much day-to-day boomer who doesn't do much day-to-day trading anymore. Uh realistically, this trading anymore. Uh realistically, this trading anymore. Uh realistically, this is all I'm going to be looking at this is all I'm going to be looking at this is all I'm going to be looking at this week. Uh 104994. week. Uh 104994. week. Uh 104994. That's it. Uh this is the weekly range. That's it. Uh this is the weekly range. That's it. Uh this is the weekly range. We've fallen back inside. I think that's We've fallen back inside. I think that's We've fallen back inside. I think that's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh I'd love to be proven pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh I'd love to be proven pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh I'd love to be proven wrong. Maybe these BTC corporate wrong. Maybe these BTC corporate wrong. Maybe these BTC corporate strategy, treasury companies can start strategy, treasury companies can start strategy, treasury companies can start buying. Maybe macro can stop being a buying. Maybe macro can stop being a buying. Maybe macro can stop being a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and this can just be our piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and this can just be our piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and this can just be our SFP flush. That'd be nice, right? trade SFP flush. That'd be nice, right? trade SFP flush. That'd be nice, right? trade through the low, reclaim 104k, weekly through the low, reclaim 104k, weekly through the low, reclaim 104k, weekly send, a proper stab at the all-time send, a proper stab at the all-time send, a proper stab at the all-time highs instead of all this like wick highs instead of all this like wick highs instead of all this like wick [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and send it. That'd be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and send it. That'd be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and send it. That'd be fantastic. Um, just give me that fantastic. Um, just give me that fantastic. Um, just give me that evidence and I'll I'll happily uh evidence and I'll I'll happily uh evidence and I'll I'll happily uh provide you exit liquidity and just provide you exit liquidity and just provide you exit liquidity and just market it by the top, right? But absent market it by the top, right? But absent market it by the top, right? But absent that, I'm going to be looking at this that, I'm going to be looking at this that, I'm going to be looking at this thinking, why do we have a weekly time thinking, why do we have a weekly time thinking, why do we have a weekly time frame failed breakout? Um, now again, I frame failed breakout? Um, now again, I frame failed breakout? Um, now again, I didn't believe in straight up fractal didn't believe in straight up fractal didn't believe in straight up fractal analysis like oh look, weekly failed analysis like oh look, weekly failed analysis like oh look, weekly failed breakout alltime high and we went to breakout alltime high and we went to breakout alltime high and we went to zero, weekly failed breakout alltime zero, weekly failed breakout alltime zero, weekly failed breakout alltime high, we're going to go to zero. I don't high, we're going to go to zero. I don't high, we're going to go to zero. I don't think that works one to one, but I do think that works one to one, but I do think that works one to one, but I do think there is it's worth giving these think there is it's worth giving these think there is it's worth giving these weekly time frame signals the benefit of weekly time frame signals the benefit of weekly time frame signals the benefit of the doubt. That's all I'm doing here. the doubt. That's all I'm doing here. the doubt. That's all I'm doing here. Like I know this is a sweet swing low. I Like I know this is a sweet swing low. I Like I know this is a sweet swing low. I know we SFPD it. I know we traded the know we SFPD it. I know we traded the know we SFPD it. I know we traded the range midpoint and this is like daily range midpoint and this is like daily range midpoint and this is like daily support. All that type of stuff. I'm support. All that type of stuff. I'm support. All that type of stuff. I'm just giving the weekly time frame the just giving the weekly time frame the just giving the weekly time frame the benefit of the doubt that maybe maybe benefit of the doubt that maybe maybe benefit of the doubt that maybe maybe just maybe uh the 104K back inside the just maybe uh the 104K back inside the just maybe uh the 104K back inside the range isn't going to be a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] range isn't going to be a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] range isn't going to be a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] signal that ends up getting invalidated. signal that ends up getting invalidated. signal that ends up getting invalidated. So until that signal gets invalidated, So until that signal gets invalidated, So until that signal gets invalidated, I'm going to be a bit on the defensive I'm going to be a bit on the defensive I'm going to be a bit on the defensive side. Uh, and I'm not smart, nimble, or side. Uh, and I'm not smart, nimble, or side. Uh, and I'm not smart, nimble, or handsome enough to play uh the lower handsome enough to play uh the lower handsome enough to play uh the lower time frame bounces super well, but I time frame bounces super well, but I time frame bounces super well, but I think if you're going to, you can get a think if you're going to, you can get a think if you're going to, you can get a pretty good baseline of where to do pretty good baseline of where to do pretty good baseline of where to do business based off of these lows and off business based off of these lows and off business based off of these lows and off of the uh weekly range that's outlined of the uh weekly range that's outlined of the uh weekly range that's outlined here. And the same goes for ETH. That's here. And the same goes for ETH. That's here. And the same goes for ETH. That's all. Hope this is helpful. Thank you to all. Hope this is helpful. Thank you to all. Hope this is helpful. Thank you to Woo for watching the show. The links are Woo for watching the show. The links are Woo for watching the show. The links are in description. Uh, sorry for not making in description. Uh, sorry for not making in description. Uh, sorry for not making these. Maybe I'll make them. Let me know these. Maybe I'll make them. Let me know these. Maybe I'll make them. Let me know if they're helpful. I know they're a bit if they're helpful. I know they're a bit if they're helpful. I know they're a bit rushed. Um, next time we can look at the rushed. Um, next time we can look at the rushed. Um, next time we can look at the futures side, but I don't think there's futures side, but I don't think there's futures side, but I don't think there's a ton of interesting activity going on a ton of interesting activity going on a ton of interesting activity going on uh on the open interest and uh you know uh on the open interest and uh you know uh on the open interest and uh you know across per premiums etc. Uh I do have an across per premiums etc. Uh I do have an across per premiums etc. Uh I do have an article titled comprehensive guide to article titled comprehensive guide to article titled comprehensive guide to like futures indicators or something uh like futures indicators or something uh like futures indicators or something uh in my pinned post and in that article I in my pinned post and in that article I in my pinned post and in that article I kind of talk about how to use these kind of talk about how to use these kind of talk about how to use these things synergistically, right? What things synergistically, right? What things synergistically, right? What happens if you see this and this and you happens if you see this and this and you happens if you see this and this and you know this for example, right? like a ton know this for example, right? like a ton know this for example, right? like a ton of open interest coming in, premiums of open interest coming in, premiums of open interest coming in, premiums picking up, but prices, you know, picking up, but prices, you know, picking up, but prices, you know, flatlining in an area of resistance. flatlining in an area of resistance. flatlining in an area of resistance. That's one signal. And you can get like That's one signal. And you can get like That's one signal. And you can get like open interest increasing, but then you open interest increasing, but then you open interest increasing, but then you have a bit of a, you know, spot premium, have a bit of a, you know, spot premium, have a bit of a, you know, spot premium, so to speak, or per trading at a so to speak, or per trading at a so to speak, or per trading at a discount, uh, and price continuing to discount, uh, and price continuing to discount, uh, and price continuing to squeeze up through a swing high. That's squeeze up through a swing high. That's squeeze up through a swing high. That's an acceleration setup. Like all these an acceleration setup. Like all these an acceleration setup. Like all these different combinations and permutations, different combinations and permutations, different combinations and permutations, if you want to hear about them on the if you want to hear about them on the if you want to hear about them on the show, let me know. We can chat about show, let me know. We can chat about show, let me know. We can chat about them. But, uh, there is an article in my them. But, uh, there is an article in my them. But, uh, there is an article in my pin tweet as well that'll do a better pin tweet as well that'll do a better pin tweet as well that'll do a better job than I can. Just rambling here. job than I can. Just rambling here. job than I can. Just rambling here. That's all for me. Have a fantastic That's all for me. Have a fantastic That's all for me. Have a fantastic start to your week and we'll see you on start to your week and we'll see you on start to your week and we'll see you on casual Friday.