============================================================
Video: BEgs6dMi3SM
Channel: technicalroundup
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 59005
has_timestamps: True
extracted_at: 2025-12-26T17:04:22.897667
============================================================

Hello and welcome to an episode of Hello and welcome to an episode of Casual Friday. I'm here with the duck. Casual Friday. I'm here with the duck. Casual Friday. I'm here with the duck. As always, the show is brought to you by As always, the show is brought to you by As always, the show is brought to you by Woo. Links available in the description Woo. Links available in the description Woo. Links available in the description below. Happy BTC all-time high to below. Happy BTC all-time high to below. Happy BTC all-time high to everyone who celebrates. That list seems everyone who celebrates. That list seems everyone who celebrates. That list seems to be getting increasingly smaller and to be getting increasingly smaller and to be getting increasingly smaller and smaller as we are perpetually trapped in smaller as we are perpetually trapped in smaller as we are perpetually trapped in dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] altcoins and trenches. dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] altcoins and trenches. dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] altcoins and trenches. Meanwhile, uh GBTC Grayscale 2.0 just Meanwhile, uh GBTC Grayscale 2.0 just Meanwhile, uh GBTC Grayscale 2.0 just hovers up all the BTC. That's fine. hovers up all the BTC. That's fine. hovers up all the BTC. That's fine. That's okay. Um also, no, it's not it's That's okay. Um also, no, it's not it's That's okay. Um also, no, it's not it's not just GBTC 2.0. It's GBTC 2.0 and not just GBTC 2.0. It's GBTC 2.0 and not just GBTC 2.0. It's GBTC 2.0 and then like a dude on then like a dude on then like a dude on Hyperlquid. So pl plenty of diverse Hyperlquid. So pl plenty of diverse Hyperlquid. So pl plenty of diverse sources of um demand there. Did you also sources of um demand there. Did you also sources of um demand there. Did you also notice just very anecdotally I mean we notice just very anecdotally I mean we notice just very anecdotally I mean we did the show on Friday talking about the did the show on Friday talking about the did the show on Friday talking about the next Bitcoin bubble and mentioned how next Bitcoin bubble and mentioned how next Bitcoin bubble and mentioned how these BTC leveraged holding vehicles these BTC leveraged holding vehicles these BTC leveraged holding vehicles essentially are just really starting to essentially are just really starting to essentially are just really starting to ramp up. And like my Twitter feed for ramp up. And like my Twitter feed for ramp up. And like my Twitter feed for the past week has just been a bunch of the past week has just been a bunch of the past week has just been a bunch of that type of analysis. I'm not saying that type of analysis. I'm not saying that type of analysis. I'm not saying it's like causitive like no one gives a it's like causitive like no one gives a it's like causitive like no one gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the show apart from our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the show apart from our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the show apart from our lovely viewers. We love you. like in the lovely viewers. We love you. like in the lovely viewers. We love you. like in the grand scheme, we're not like a we're not grand scheme, we're not like a we're not grand scheme, we're not like a we're not bankless, right? Uh but it seems like bankless, right? Uh but it seems like bankless, right? Uh but it seems like people are generally paying more people are generally paying more people are generally paying more attention and starting to catch on to attention and starting to catch on to attention and starting to catch on to the importance and the risks associated the importance and the risks associated the importance and the risks associated with this mechanism. I mean, Nick Carter with this mechanism. I mean, Nick Carter with this mechanism. I mean, Nick Carter made a great tweet and it was like, you made a great tweet and it was like, you made a great tweet and it was like, you know, uh Low Strife made a thread which know, uh Low Strife made a thread which know, uh Low Strife made a thread which I thought was really fantastic about I thought was really fantastic about I thought was really fantastic about like exactly how the mechanism works and like exactly how the mechanism works and like exactly how the mechanism works and the risks. Nick Carter was a bit more the risks. Nick Carter was a bit more the risks. Nick Carter was a bit more casual. He was like, "Look guys, we know casual. He was like, "Look guys, we know casual. He was like, "Look guys, we know how this all ends. It's just a question how this all ends. It's just a question how this all ends. It's just a question of like how much BTC do they spit up of like how much BTC do they spit up of like how much BTC do they spit up before they have to spit it uh you know before they have to spit it uh you know before they have to spit it uh you know do they consume before they have to spit do they consume before they have to spit do they consume before they have to spit it back out and I think that's probably it back out and I think that's probably it back out and I think that's probably the correct framing. Um but obviously the correct framing. Um but obviously the correct framing. Um but obviously everyone's arguing and saying this time everyone's arguing and saying this time everyone's arguing and saying this time is different and no you don't understand is different and no you don't understand is different and no you don't understand and yeah every time people come up with and yeah every time people come up with and yeah every time people come up with like an infinite money glitch. Yes. It like an infinite money glitch. Yes. It like an infinite money glitch. Yes. It just turns out that it's not an infinite just turns out that it's not an infinite just turns out that it's not an infinite money glitch. Wait, this isn't infinite money glitch. Wait, this isn't infinite money glitch. Wait, this isn't infinite money? It's anal sex. You know exactly. money? It's anal sex. You know exactly. money? It's anal sex. You know exactly. And I'm always surprised, right? Like And I'm always surprised, right? Like And I'm always surprised, right? Like when you when you hear something that is when you when you hear something that is when you when you hear something that is just too good to be true, like it's it's just too good to be true, like it's it's just too good to be true, like it's it's just never true. Like I don't understand just never true. Like I don't understand just never true. Like I don't understand how people can live life and just miss how people can live life and just miss how people can live life and just miss that, you know, like especially in that, you know, like especially in that, you know, like especially in crypto. Jesus Christ. Like the entire crypto. Jesus Christ. Like the entire crypto. Jesus Christ. Like the entire industry is built on people like selling industry is built on people like selling industry is built on people like selling that idea, you know? So, so yeah, but I that idea, you know? So, so yeah, but I that idea, you know? So, so yeah, but I kind of agree with what I've read on the kind of agree with what I've read on the kind of agree with what I've read on the topic on on Twitter, which is basically topic on on Twitter, which is basically topic on on Twitter, which is basically like that's the future problem. like that's the future problem. like that's the future problem. Um, but I don't think it's necessarily Um, but I don't think it's necessarily Um, but I don't think it's necessarily great. It's not what Bitcoin was made great. It's not what Bitcoin was made great. It's not what Bitcoin was made for when you think about it, right? Like for when you think about it, right? Like for when you think about it, right? Like it's the opposite of what Bitcoin stands it's the opposite of what Bitcoin stands it's the opposite of what Bitcoin stands for. Uh, we've argued this for a long for. Uh, we've argued this for a long for. Uh, we've argued this for a long time now. Um, but it's bullish, so time now. Um, but it's bullish, so time now. Um, but it's bullish, so people don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that people don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that people don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that that's going to come back and haunt us that's going to come back and haunt us that's going to come back and haunt us in in the future, but not now, so it's in in the future, but not now, so it's in in the future, but not now, so it's good. good. good. Yeah, exactly. Just kick the leveraged Yeah, exactly. Just kick the leveraged Yeah, exactly. Just kick the leveraged can down the road. Um, yeah. And we do can down the road. Um, yeah. And we do can down the road. Um, yeah. And we do need it. We need it. We need it. Yeah. need it. We need it. We need it. Yeah. need it. We need it. We need it. Yeah. Like every cycle we need to find like a Like every cycle we need to find like a Like every cycle we need to find like a flywheel that makes this thing run to flywheel that makes this thing run to flywheel that makes this thing run to crazy heights. It's the only way that we crazy heights. It's the only way that we crazy heights. It's the only way that we can make our living, dude. Like it's can make our living, dude. Like it's can make our living, dude. Like it's just how it is. Like this thing just how it is. Like this thing just how it is. Like this thing runs way too hard and then it crashes runs way too hard and then it crashes runs way too hard and then it crashes way too hard and you can make money on way too hard and you can make money on way too hard and you can make money on both sides. Like I'm not complaining on both sides. Like I'm not complaining on both sides. Like I'm not complaining on the on the on the trading aspect of it. the on the on the trading aspect of it. the on the on the trading aspect of it. Um if if I was like an ideologist, I'd Um if if I was like an ideologist, I'd Um if if I was like an ideologist, I'd be all over this. um like this, like if be all over this. um like this, like if be all over this. um like this, like if someone else wants to kind of like risk someone else wants to kind of like risk someone else wants to kind of like risk his his money, his reputation, and other his his money, his reputation, and other his his money, his reputation, and other people are just going to pile in into people are just going to pile in into people are just going to pile in into the bubble and make me more wealthy. Um the bubble and make me more wealthy. Um the bubble and make me more wealthy. Um even while I tell them that it's a bad even while I tell them that it's a bad even while I tell them that it's a bad idea, I mean, then I be my guest. Thank idea, I mean, then I be my guest. Thank idea, I mean, then I be my guest. Thank you for your service. Yeah. Yeah. you for your service. Yeah. Yeah. you for your service. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Um I I don't know how much I We'll see. Um I I don't know how much I We'll see. Um I I don't know how much I mean really as you know it's only when mean really as you know it's only when mean really as you know it's only when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starts to go south that all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starts to go south that all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starts to go south that all the skepticism gets amplified. Um usually skepticism gets amplified. Um usually skepticism gets amplified. Um usually it's like too late by you know like the it's like too late by you know like the it's like too late by you know like the whole GB like people really started to whole GB like people really started to whole GB like people really started to understand what GBT GBTC was when it was understand what GBT GBTC was when it was understand what GBT GBTC was when it was basically when it killed half the basically when it killed half the basically when it killed half the industry you know that's when it became industry you know that's when it became industry you know that's when it became sort of publicly populous. There's sort of publicly populous. There's sort of publicly populous. There's there's a lag effect there. Uh but for there's a lag effect there. Uh but for there's a lag effect there. Uh but for now, keep the keep the good times now, keep the keep the good times now, keep the keep the good times rolling, I suppose, as long as you're at rolling, I suppose, as long as you're at rolling, I suppose, as long as you're at least acutely aware that it's unlikely least acutely aware that it's unlikely least acutely aware that it's unlikely to be and like it's not a financial to be and like it's not a financial to be and like it's not a financial glitch, you know. Um we haven't remade glitch, you know. Um we haven't remade glitch, you know. Um we haven't remade there's no alchemy, so to speak, in in there's no alchemy, so to speak, in in there's no alchemy, so to speak, in in finance, just kind of that there's just finance, just kind of that there's just finance, just kind of that there's just like fraud, debt, and leverage, you like fraud, debt, and leverage, you like fraud, debt, and leverage, you know. Um yeah, that they're trying to know. Um yeah, that they're trying to know. Um yeah, that they're trying to tell you that they can cook [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and tell you that they can cook [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and tell you that they can cook [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and turn it into gold, but it's just going turn it into gold, but it's just going turn it into gold, but it's just going to be at the end of the day, it's just to be at the end of the day, it's just to be at the end of the day, it's just going to be cooked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sorry. go going to be cooked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sorry. go going to be cooked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sorry. go back to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Um the chart though, back to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Um the chart though, back to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Um the chart though, that's a good chart which just froze as that's a good chart which just froze as that's a good chart which just froze as soon as I said that. So, thank you soon as I said that. So, thank you soon as I said that. So, thank you Trading View. Um week left until the Trading View. Um week left until the Trading View. Um week left until the monthly close for those of you who monthly close for those of you who monthly close for those of you who celebrate, which should be so good on celebrate, which should be so good on celebrate, which should be so good on the monthly. Yeah, my my Trading View is the monthly. Yeah, my my Trading View is the monthly. Yeah, my my Trading View is still stuck loading by the way. This is still stuck loading by the way. This is still stuck loading by the way. This is actually hilarious. Uh yeah, I hate when actually hilarious. Uh yeah, I hate when actually hilarious. Uh yeah, I hate when that happens. You're just stuck talking that happens. You're just stuck talking that happens. You're just stuck talking about something that doesn't No, the about something that doesn't No, the about something that doesn't No, the dude is literally It's literally stuck. dude is literally It's literally stuck. dude is literally It's literally stuck. I don't know what's going on. Do we have I don't know what's going on. Do we have I don't know what's going on. Do we have to I just describe how it looks like. to I just describe how it looks like. to I just describe how it looks like. But there's one green candle and then But there's one green candle and then But there's one green candle and then there's the next green candle next to there's the next green candle next to there's the next green candle next to it. Um, no, it just takes a little bit. it. Um, no, it just takes a little bit. it. Um, no, it just takes a little bit. Um, it's never taken this long. Well, Um, it's never taken this long. Well, Um, it's never taken this long. Well, we're just going to look at it. I don't we're just going to look at it. I don't we're just going to look at it. I don't even know any other charting websites. even know any other charting websites. even know any other charting websites. That's how strong the monopoly is. What? That's how strong the monopoly is. What? That's how strong the monopoly is. What? You want to make a trend spider account You want to make a trend spider account You want to make a trend spider account while I Oh my god. Well, that's just how while I Oh my god. Well, that's just how while I Oh my god. Well, that's just how it goes, dude. Um, we we can just talk it goes, dude. Um, we we can just talk it goes, dude. Um, we we can just talk about something. I remember what the about something. I remember what the about something. I remember what the chart looks like. Yeah. Oh my god. Um chart looks like. Yeah. Oh my god. Um chart looks like. Yeah. Oh my god. Um but yeah, no, I mean just generally um but yeah, no, I mean just generally um but yeah, no, I mean just generally um we've we've kind of had like a strong we've we've kind of had like a strong we've we've kind of had like a strong breakout and it's gone up uh on all time breakout and it's gone up uh on all time breakout and it's gone up uh on all time frames really. Yeah, I've hacked around frames really. Yeah, I've hacked around frames really. Yeah, I've hacked around it by the way. I opened up Vello and I it by the way. I opened up Vello and I it by the way. I opened up Vello and I Chad I mean they don't have the monthly Chad I mean they don't have the monthly Chad I mean they don't have the monthly time frame which actually I respect. time frame which actually I respect. time frame which actually I respect. So we've got the weekly. They they took So we've got the weekly. They they took So we've got the weekly. They they took all my edge away. I know you can't trade all my edge away. I know you can't trade all my edge away. I know you can't trade this. It's not loud. Um, but yeah, this. It's not loud. Um, but yeah, this. It's not loud. Um, but yeah, basically the monthly uh is probably basically the monthly uh is probably basically the monthly uh is probably going to close a breakout. Would be good going to close a breakout. Would be good going to close a breakout. Would be good if we had a chart, but it's just how it if we had a chart, but it's just how it if we had a chart, but it's just how it goes. Uh, the weekly time frame is also goes. Uh, the weekly time frame is also goes. Uh, the weekly time frame is also really nice. like we've had a range here really nice. like we've had a range here really nice. like we've had a range here um between like November 24 um between like November 24 um between like November 24 uh that and and now basically that like uh that and and now basically that like uh that and and now basically that like broke down prior um in in March 2025 broke down prior um in in March 2025 broke down prior um in in March 2025 broke down and we've reclaimed it and broke down and we've reclaimed it and broke down and we've reclaimed it and then broken out on the other side. Now then broken out on the other side. Now then broken out on the other side. Now the risk is obviously that this just the risk is obviously that this just the risk is obviously that this just starts ranging, right? So we had like an starts ranging, right? So we had like an starts ranging, right? So we had like an a false breakdown and now we have a a false breakdown and now we have a a false breakdown and now we have a false breakout. we go back in the range, false breakout. we go back in the range, false breakout. we go back in the range, just go sideways. That'd be a little bit just go sideways. That'd be a little bit just go sideways. That'd be a little bit boring. But generally speaking, um at boring. But generally speaking, um at boring. But generally speaking, um at least for me, it doesn't really make least for me, it doesn't really make least for me, it doesn't really make much sense to be bearish before that is much sense to be bearish before that is much sense to be bearish before that is confirmed, right? Like I've seen too confirmed, right? Like I've seen too confirmed, right? Like I've seen too many people lose all their money trying many people lose all their money trying many people lose all their money trying to anticipate a false breakout or a to anticipate a false breakout or a to anticipate a false breakout or a false breakdown. Um I usually tend to false breakdown. Um I usually tend to false breakdown. Um I usually tend to tend to want this thing to fail uh tend to want this thing to fail uh tend to want this thing to fail uh before I I flip my bias. And so far so before I I flip my bias. And so far so before I I flip my bias. And so far so good, right? especially with the trend good, right? especially with the trend good, right? especially with the trend that we've had, which has just been that we've had, which has just been that we've had, which has just been hilariously bullish. When you zoom out hilariously bullish. When you zoom out hilariously bullish. When you zoom out on the weekly a little bit, you don't on the weekly a little bit, you don't on the weekly a little bit, you don't really see any pullbacks, right? Uh really see any pullbacks, right? Uh really see any pullbacks, right? Uh there were obviously a couple um where there were obviously a couple um where there were obviously a couple um where we went down like 10 20%. But in the we went down like 10 20%. But in the we went down like 10 20%. But in the grand scheme of things, we basically ran grand scheme of things, we basically ran grand scheme of things, we basically ran up from 16K to 110K in a straight line. up from 16K to 110K in a straight line. up from 16K to 110K in a straight line. And And And um people are bearish right now. Like I um people are bearish right now. Like I um people are bearish right now. Like I I see a lot of people that are bearish. I see a lot of people that are bearish. I see a lot of people that are bearish. I think they they are bearish because I think they they are bearish because I think they they are bearish because they don't own Bitcoin and they're kind they don't own Bitcoin and they're kind they don't own Bitcoin and they're kind of just coping about the fact that all of just coping about the fact that all of just coping about the fact that all coins have not been going up. So, coins have not been going up. So, coins have not been going up. So, they're just kind of like making making they're just kind of like making making they're just kind of like making making the their positions and their money fit the their positions and their money fit the their positions and their money fit their their their narrative. But yeah, it just looks good narrative. But yeah, it just looks good narrative. But yeah, it just looks good to me on on both high time frame charts, to me on on both high time frame charts, to me on on both high time frame charts, monthly and weekly. Just very decent. monthly and weekly. Just very decent. monthly and weekly. Just very decent. Yeah. I mean, I remember when alltime Yeah. I mean, I remember when alltime Yeah. I mean, I remember when alltime high breaks used to mean something, high breaks used to mean something, high breaks used to mean something, don't you? Um Yeah. As in you're you're don't you? Um Yeah. As in you're you're don't you? Um Yeah. As in you're you're a little bit sad that we didn't break a little bit sad that we didn't break a little bit sad that we didn't break out and just run. I mean, I think we out and just run. I mean, I think we out and just run. I mean, I think we spoke about this on the show a while ago spoke about this on the show a while ago spoke about this on the show a while ago that like all-time highs have been that like all-time highs have been that like all-time highs have been turned from being acceleration gates to turned from being acceleration gates to turned from being acceleration gates to like sticky resistance levels. Yep. like sticky resistance levels. Yep. like sticky resistance levels. Yep. That's really annoying. Yeah, it's chat That's really annoying. Yeah, it's chat That's really annoying. Yeah, it's chat market stuff. Yeah. Like you look at you market stuff. Yeah. Like you look at you market stuff. Yeah. Like you look at you look at gold, remember? Like when gold look at gold, remember? Like when gold look at gold, remember? Like when gold was sticking around the the alltime was sticking around the the alltime was sticking around the the alltime high, it just didn't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and like high, it just didn't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and like high, it just didn't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and like needed to test it six times or something needed to test it six times or something needed to test it six times or something before it actually started breaking out. before it actually started breaking out. before it actually started breaking out. Uh we're kind of in the same regime now. Uh we're kind of in the same regime now. Uh we're kind of in the same regime now. No, completely. Uh, but also like there No, completely. Uh, but also like there No, completely. Uh, but also like there are people selling in size around the are people selling in size around the are people selling in size around the all-time high, right? They'd have to the all-time high, right? They'd have to the all-time high, right? They'd have to the amount of hoovering up of the BTC uh amount of hoovering up of the BTC uh amount of hoovering up of the BTC uh being done by ETFs. Obviously, some of being done by ETFs. Obviously, some of being done by ETFs. Obviously, some of that is for the basis trade, but that is for the basis trade, but that is for the basis trade, but whatever. That's like delta neutral whatever. That's like delta neutral whatever. That's like delta neutral flow, but also all these like leveraged flow, but also all these like leveraged flow, but also all these like leveraged public gambling companies. Uh, I mean public gambling companies. Uh, I mean public gambling companies. Uh, I mean they're they straight up have they're they straight up have they're they straight up have directional exposure and they're they're directional exposure and they're they're directional exposure and they're they're just like eating the BTC from like spots just like eating the BTC from like spots just like eating the BTC from like spots from the open market and you know people from the open market and you know people from the open market and you know people are clipping into them essentially are clipping into them essentially are clipping into them essentially otherwise I mean again as we discussed otherwise I mean again as we discussed otherwise I mean again as we discussed last week it caused it's caused a lot of last week it caused it's caused a lot of last week it caused it's caused a lot of people to like go full conspiracy on people to like go full conspiracy on people to like go full conspiracy on there being paper bitcoin and stuff like there being paper bitcoin and stuff like there being paper bitcoin and stuff like that. Uh that's the extent of the that. Uh that's the extent of the that. Uh that's the extent of the disbelief that why isn't this a 200k disbelief that why isn't this a 200k disbelief that why isn't this a 200k type thing. um in terms of the TA side type thing. um in terms of the TA side type thing. um in terms of the TA side of it. So one like like the move is kind of it. So one like like the move is kind of it. So one like like the move is kind of like one portion of the move already of like one portion of the move already of like one portion of the move already played out, right? And it's the one you played out, right? And it's the one you played out, right? And it's the one you argued for most clearly on your weekly argued for most clearly on your weekly argued for most clearly on your weekly show and even on Twitter, which was in show and even on Twitter, which was in show and even on Twitter, which was in super simple terms like 93K is super simple terms like 93K is super simple terms like 93K is reclaimed, other side is 104K roughly, reclaimed, other side is 104K roughly, reclaimed, other side is 104K roughly, right? And that's basically what it did. right? And that's basically what it did. right? And that's basically what it did. Uh it's also the old classic like these Uh it's also the old classic like these Uh it's also the old classic like these bearish retests don't work on BTC, etc., bearish retests don't work on BTC, etc., bearish retests don't work on BTC, etc., etc. and it just it basically in one etc. and it just it basically in one etc. and it just it basically in one candle to be honest uh went from range candle to be honest uh went from range candle to be honest uh went from range low to range high. Uh and then we closed low to range high. Uh and then we closed low to range high. Uh and then we closed above it last week and that's kind of above it last week and that's kind of above it last week and that's kind of where we're hovering now. So there's where we're hovering now. So there's where we're hovering now. So there's nothing dodgy about the construction as nothing dodgy about the construction as nothing dodgy about the construction as it is at the moment at least on a weekly it is at the moment at least on a weekly it is at the moment at least on a weekly closing basis, right? Like obviously closing basis, right? Like obviously closing basis, right? Like obviously like tariffs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hyperlid and like tariffs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hyperlid and like tariffs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hyperlid and all these local things have an effect. all these local things have an effect. all these local things have an effect. Uh but if you were just charting the Uh but if you were just charting the Uh but if you were just charting the course of this at the moment with the course of this at the moment with the course of this at the moment with the available evidence, it's like breakdown, available evidence, it's like breakdown, available evidence, it's like breakdown, reclaim, break out, you know? Yeah. reclaim, break out, you know? Yeah. reclaim, break out, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And and if you had to chart a path Yeah. And and if you had to chart a path Yeah. And and if you had to chart a path of progress for this thing, that's kind of progress for this thing, that's kind of progress for this thing, that's kind of what it would have to look like, of what it would have to look like, of what it would have to look like, especially after the breakdown is. Okay, especially after the breakdown is. Okay, especially after the breakdown is. Okay, what's the next best thing? Uh what's the next best thing? Uh what's the next best thing? Uh reclaiming it. Okay, we did that. What reclaiming it. Okay, we did that. What reclaiming it. Okay, we did that. What about after that? Well, no resistance at about after that? Well, no resistance at about after that? Well, no resistance at the mid-range. Okay, did that. What the mid-range. Okay, did that. What the mid-range. Okay, did that. What about next? Closing above the range about next? Closing above the range about next? Closing above the range high. It's kind of like tick tick tick high. It's kind of like tick tick tick high. It's kind of like tick tick tick at the moment uh in terms of the at the moment uh in terms of the at the moment uh in terms of the progress the weekly chart has made. Um progress the weekly chart has made. Um progress the weekly chart has made. Um but I agree with you. I think if the but I agree with you. I think if the but I agree with you. I think if the first kind of turning point and the first kind of turning point and the first kind of turning point and the shift in I mean this look look at just shift in I mean this look look at just shift in I mean this look look at just the number of green candles, right? Not the number of green candles, right? Not the number of green candles, right? Not to get too analytical about it, but it's to get too analytical about it, but it's to get too analytical about it, but it's just been green for many weeks in a row. just been green for many weeks in a row. just been green for many weeks in a row. So like the number is going up. Um I So like the number is going up. Um I So like the number is going up. Um I think the earliest like technical sign think the earliest like technical sign think the earliest like technical sign as you mentioned of oh okay we're going as you mentioned of oh okay we're going as you mentioned of oh okay we're going to take a bit of a breather after what to take a bit of a breather after what to take a bit of a breather after what eight seven uh green candles in a row eight seven uh green candles in a row eight seven uh green candles in a row would be this all-time high breakout would be this all-time high breakout would be this all-time high breakout getting stuffed and not only getting getting stuffed and not only getting getting stuffed and not only getting stuffed in there being like an intraday stuffed in there being like an intraday stuffed in there being like an intraday wick or whatever else but I think weekly wick or whatever else but I think weekly wick or whatever else but I think weekly close below 104 um as you mentioned close below 104 um as you mentioned close below 104 um as you mentioned because that would be the first sign because that would be the first sign because that would be the first sign that like oh this this road map of break that like oh this this road map of break that like oh this this road map of break this don't resist there break this it's this don't resist there break this it's this don't resist there break this it's shifted and shifted on a on a high time shifted and shifted on a on a high time shifted and shifted on a on a high time frame and then you and then I Think the frame and then you and then I Think the frame and then you and then I Think the at least the convenient part is you at least the convenient part is you at least the convenient part is you you're back to the same levels uh that you're back to the same levels uh that you're back to the same levels uh that we had during the previous range of like we had during the previous range of like we had during the previous range of like 104 94 and what like 99 midpoint or 104 94 and what like 99 midpoint or 104 94 and what like 99 midpoint or something. Uh it's just the same trading something. Uh it's just the same trading something. Uh it's just the same trading levels with TLDTR like the market's not levels with TLDTR like the market's not levels with TLDTR like the market's not quite ready yet. Um do you think there's quite ready yet. Um do you think there's quite ready yet. Um do you think there's any other color on the weekly or at any other color on the weekly or at any other color on the weekly or at least here's an interesting one. If it least here's an interesting one. If it least here's an interesting one. If it were to close back below 104K uh how were to close back below 104K uh how were to close back below 104K uh how bearish of a signal is that? Is it like bearish of a signal is that? Is it like bearish of a signal is that? Is it like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like we're trapped alltime high oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like we're trapped alltime high oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like we're trapped alltime high spike etc you know like much lower or is spike etc you know like much lower or is spike etc you know like much lower or is it more technical like ah we'll probably it more technical like ah we'll probably it more technical like ah we'll probably range and summer slow down but grand range and summer slow down but grand range and summer slow down but grand scheme of things it's it's not that scheme of things it's it's not that scheme of things it's it's not that scary. Where are you on that spectrum? scary. Where are you on that spectrum? scary. Where are you on that spectrum? Uh it's actually really hard to say. I Uh it's actually really hard to say. I Uh it's actually really hard to say. I would like to say like okay I mean it's would like to say like okay I mean it's would like to say like okay I mean it's a little bit of an unfair situation that a little bit of an unfair situation that a little bit of an unfair situation that we're in right basically Bitcoin went we're in right basically Bitcoin went we're in right basically Bitcoin went from the low to the high where it's from the low to the high where it's from the low to the high where it's right now in only green candles on the right now in only green candles on the right now in only green candles on the weekly time frame. didn't have any like weekly time frame. didn't have any like weekly time frame. didn't have any like didn't take any time to consolidate or didn't take any time to consolidate or didn't take any time to consolidate or pull back or anything. So, you'd expect pull back or anything. So, you'd expect pull back or anything. So, you'd expect and kind of like give it a little bit of and kind of like give it a little bit of and kind of like give it a little bit of room to pull pull back, right? You get room to pull pull back, right? You get room to pull pull back, right? You get seven weekly candles in a row, you have seven weekly candles in a row, you have seven weekly candles in a row, you have to at least be like, "Okay, you can pull to at least be like, "Okay, you can pull to at least be like, "Okay, you can pull back like a week or two." Um the problem back like a week or two." Um the problem back like a week or two." Um the problem is that the that we've kind of broken is that the that we've kind of broken is that the that we've kind of broken the all-time high uh in a way where it the all-time high uh in a way where it the all-time high uh in a way where it would kind of be bad if if we started would kind of be bad if if we started would kind of be bad if if we started like breaking structure again. Um and if like breaking structure again. Um and if like breaking structure again. Um and if you zoom out a little bit and go towards you zoom out a little bit and go towards you zoom out a little bit and go towards like 2021 and I think that's basically like 2021 and I think that's basically like 2021 and I think that's basically the bears what they're looking at. Um the bears what they're looking at. Um the bears what they're looking at. Um where we had the high and then we made a where we had the high and then we made a where we had the high and then we made a new high above it. And if you take the new high above it. And if you take the new high above it. And if you take the closes, right, you just draw a line from closes, right, you just draw a line from closes, right, you just draw a line from the highest close to the right. Um, and the highest close to the right. Um, and the highest close to the right. Um, and this was the argument that we both made this was the argument that we both made this was the argument that we both made back then. Um, we had that breakout, back then. Um, we had that breakout, back then. Um, we had that breakout, right? That weekly breakout in 2021, right? That weekly breakout in 2021, right? That weekly breakout in 2021, um, above 60K. And then when we lost it um, above 60K. And then when we lost it um, above 60K. And then when we lost it back then, we were both like, "Okay, now back then, we were both like, "Okay, now back then, we were both like, "Okay, now you have to be on defensive." And, um, you have to be on defensive." And, um, you have to be on defensive." And, um, it the entire thing just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] died. it the entire thing just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] died. it the entire thing just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] died. And if you compare that structure to And if you compare that structure to And if you compare that structure to where we are right now, it's actually where we are right now, it's actually where we are right now, it's actually quite similar. Um the the pullback from quite similar. Um the the pullback from quite similar. Um the the pullback from the first like from the first high made the first like from the first high made the first like from the first high made like make a made a low uh bounced a like make a made a low uh bounced a like make a made a low uh bounced a little bit and then made a new low on a little bit and then made a new low on a little bit and then made a new low on a closing basis, right? Uh you look at the closing basis, right? Uh you look at the closing basis, right? Uh you look at the structure that we just put in. We made structure that we just put in. We made structure that we just put in. We made the high um we made a low, made a high, the high um we made a low, made a high, the high um we made a low, made a high, and then made a lower low and bounced and then made a lower low and bounced and then made a lower low and bounced off of it. um did the same thing. off of it. um did the same thing. off of it. um did the same thing. Basically just straight up ran all the Basically just straight up ran all the Basically just straight up ran all the way back to the high and then showed way back to the high and then showed way back to the high and then showed some sort of weakness above the breakout some sort of weakness above the breakout some sort of weakness above the breakout level. Right? So like anyone that looks level. Right? So like anyone that looks level. Right? So like anyone that looks at like fractals or like any like anyone at like fractals or like any like anyone at like fractals or like any like anyone that compares the past to present has to that compares the past to present has to that compares the past to present has to be like looking at this a little bit be like looking at this a little bit be like looking at this a little bit closer. I think it's quite the the sim closer. I think it's quite the the sim closer. I think it's quite the the sim like quite a good comparison. Um, I like quite a good comparison. Um, I like quite a good comparison. Um, I generally think it's probably still generally think it's probably still generally think it's probably still going to go higher, but I I like when it going to go higher, but I I like when it going to go higher, but I I like when it breaks 4K, I think you have to be quite breaks 4K, I think you have to be quite breaks 4K, I think you have to be quite nimble. You have to be ready um to be nimble. You have to be ready um to be nimble. You have to be ready um to be like, "Okay, maybe maybe we're going to like, "Okay, maybe maybe we're going to like, "Okay, maybe maybe we're going to pull back for longer or maybe even the pull back for longer or maybe even the pull back for longer or maybe even the cycle's over." Um, so we're in this cycle's over." Um, so we're in this cycle's over." Um, so we're in this situation where it needs to put in situation where it needs to put in situation where it needs to put in strength, but it's already put in strength, but it's already put in strength, but it's already put in massive strength to get back here. Uh, massive strength to get back here. Uh, massive strength to get back here. Uh, which puts it a little bit in a in a which puts it a little bit in a in a which puts it a little bit in a in a risky situation. Um, I'm personally risky situation. Um, I'm personally risky situation. Um, I'm personally still going to just chill uh because I still going to just chill uh because I still going to just chill uh because I think it has more room. But I think it's think it has more room. But I think it's think it has more room. But I think it's worth noting that basically the exact worth noting that basically the exact worth noting that basically the exact same situation played out quite same situation played out quite same situation played out quite bearishly in the past. That said, that bearishly in the past. That said, that bearishly in the past. That said, that was also just there was a lot of fraud was also just there was a lot of fraud was also just there was a lot of fraud going on uh back in in in the day, going on uh back in in in the day, going on uh back in in in the day, right? Like you had uh basically the right? Like you had uh basically the right? Like you had uh basically the whole FDX debacle. Uh they were selling whole FDX debacle. Uh they were selling whole FDX debacle. Uh they were selling selling customer bitcoin, all that kind selling customer bitcoin, all that kind selling customer bitcoin, all that kind of stuff. um that led to the whole down of stuff. um that led to the whole down of stuff. um that led to the whole down move. So, you have to take it with a move. So, you have to take it with a move. So, you have to take it with a grain of salt. But grain of salt. But grain of salt. But chartwise, both of those things are chartwise, both of those things are chartwise, both of those things are quite similar to me. It's why I think quite similar to me. It's why I think quite similar to me. It's why I think like 104 is is quite a good early like 104 is is quite a good early like 104 is is quite a good early warning sign. And if you're highly warning sign. And if you're highly warning sign. And if you're highly leveraged, I think that's a decently leveraged, I think that's a decently leveraged, I think that's a decently good invalidation to to be like, "Okay, good invalidation to to be like, "Okay, good invalidation to to be like, "Okay, maybe I'll I'll try another day." maybe I'll I'll try another day." maybe I'll I'll try another day." That's such a fud fractal. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's such a fud fractal. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's such a fud fractal. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. But it's so good. know, like it's crazy. But it's so good. know, like it's crazy. But it's so good. know, like it's it's it's so clean. Yeah, I mean it's it's it's so clean. Yeah, I mean it's it's it's so clean. Yeah, I mean it's clean for sure. Um I mean in general clean for sure. Um I mean in general clean for sure. Um I mean in general weekly failed breakouts are miserable on weekly failed breakouts are miserable on weekly failed breakouts are miserable on BTC. Uh they're like the other side of BTC. Uh they're like the other side of BTC. Uh they're like the other side of the market equivalent of those failed the market equivalent of those failed the market equivalent of those failed support bearish retests, you know, just support bearish retests, you know, just support bearish retests, you know, just and we haven't had any. We haven't had and we haven't had any. We haven't had and we haven't had any. We haven't had any on the on the weekly time frame this any on the on the weekly time frame this any on the on the weekly time frame this entire this entire bull market. If you entire this entire bull market. If you entire this entire bull market. If you go through it, like there's not been a go through it, like there's not been a go through it, like there's not been a single false breakout. Um, you could single false breakout. Um, you could single false breakout. Um, you could argue like in July 2023 maybe, but that argue like in July 2023 maybe, but that argue like in July 2023 maybe, but that really wasn't a breakout to me. No, I really wasn't a breakout to me. No, I really wasn't a breakout to me. No, I mean all the closes were basically at mean all the closes were basically at mean all the closes were basically at resistance. Didn't push them. Um, I resistance. Didn't push them. Um, I resistance. Didn't push them. Um, I mean, yeah, that's an interesting one. mean, yeah, that's an interesting one. mean, yeah, that's an interesting one. And then obviously the ETF consolidation And then obviously the ETF consolidation And then obviously the ETF consolidation of 71K just straight cleared it. Uh, so of 71K just straight cleared it. Uh, so of 71K just straight cleared it. Uh, so yeah, I mean I think that's a that's a yeah, I mean I think that's a that's a yeah, I mean I think that's a that's a pretty balanced argument. It's nothing pretty balanced argument. It's nothing pretty balanced argument. It's nothing radical. It's basically like weekly radical. It's basically like weekly radical. It's basically like weekly failed breakouts are high signal. failed breakouts are high signal. failed breakouts are high signal. Therefore, if this weekly fails to break Therefore, if this weekly fails to break Therefore, if this weekly fails to break out, that's a important signal, you out, that's a important signal, you out, that's a important signal, you know, like and then, you know, you can know, like and then, you know, you can know, like and then, you know, you can never predict the second order effects never predict the second order effects never predict the second order effects that come into play as a result. Uh, but that come into play as a result. Uh, but that come into play as a result. Uh, but it should at least land you in a better it should at least land you in a better it should at least land you in a better position, right? Like even if you know position, right? Like even if you know position, right? Like even if you know you're holding a bunch of spot and you you're holding a bunch of spot and you you're holding a bunch of spot and you close your riskiest leverage and the close your riskiest leverage and the close your riskiest leverage and the market nukes like even if you're down on market nukes like even if you're down on market nukes like even if you're down on your spot a little bit depending on your your spot a little bit depending on your your spot a little bit depending on your entry or like you give back some spot entry or like you give back some spot entry or like you give back some spot P&amp;L at least you've avoided like the P&amp;L at least you've avoided like the P&amp;L at least you've avoided like the worst case scenario depending on how the worst case scenario depending on how the worst case scenario depending on how the how the trade is set up. Uh and you know how the trade is set up. Uh and you know how the trade is set up. Uh and you know there is a world in which the pullback there is a world in which the pullback there is a world in which the pullback you know let's say closes below and then you know let's say closes below and then you know let's say closes below and then everyone's like oh my god failed everyone's like oh my god failed everyone's like oh my god failed breakout on the weekly first time since breakout on the weekly first time since breakout on the weekly first time since 1846 like this whole thing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh 1846 like this whole thing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh 1846 like this whole thing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh and but instead it just like pulls back and but instead it just like pulls back and but instead it just like pulls back moderately uh and then makes its way moderately uh and then makes its way moderately uh and then makes its way back above the breakout level. Well, back above the breakout level. Well, back above the breakout level. Well, that's a new trade, you know, and it's a that's a new trade, you know, and it's a that's a new trade, you know, and it's a trade that's also like a generally a trade that's also like a generally a trade that's also like a generally a pretty high hit rate pattern on high pretty high hit rate pattern on high pretty high hit rate pattern on high time frame BTC, which is like reclaiming time frame BTC, which is like reclaiming time frame BTC, which is like reclaiming the failed breakout level. Uh tends to the failed breakout level. Uh tends to the failed breakout level. Uh tends to make for a very attractive continuation make for a very attractive continuation make for a very attractive continuation and I'd certainly like to have that and I'd certainly like to have that and I'd certainly like to have that optionality if the market sets up that optionality if the market sets up that optionality if the market sets up that way, you know, like if the weekly and it way, you know, like if the weekly and it way, you know, like if the weekly and it could happen this week, it happened in could happen this week, it happened in could happen this week, it happened in two, three weeks, like no one no one two, three weeks, like no one no one two, three weeks, like no one no one knows, right? But when that weekly if knows, right? But when that weekly if knows, right? But when that weekly if that weekly close comes into force, you that weekly close comes into force, you that weekly close comes into force, you essentially have some pretty cool essentially have some pretty cool essentially have some pretty cool options of uh a decently reliable signal options of uh a decently reliable signal options of uh a decently reliable signal to just trim some uh but then also a an to just trim some uh but then also a an to just trim some uh but then also a an opportunity to get back in in a way opportunity to get back in in a way opportunity to get back in in a way that's pretty risk defined and equally that's pretty risk defined and equally that's pretty risk defined and equally clear, you know. Um sometimes I've been clear, you know. Um sometimes I've been clear, you know. Um sometimes I've been trapped by this specific logic before trapped by this specific logic before trapped by this specific logic before where there's like a failed breakdown where there's like a failed breakdown where there's like a failed breakdown trade, failed breakout trade that trade, failed breakout trade that trade, failed breakout trade that happens, sorry. uh and whatever I short happens, sorry. uh and whatever I short happens, sorry. uh and whatever I short or d-risk or trim long exposure in or d-risk or trim long exposure in or d-risk or trim long exposure in whatever form. Uh and then I just spend whatever form. Uh and then I just spend whatever form. Uh and then I just spend all my time fishing for like a higher all my time fishing for like a higher all my time fishing for like a higher low because technically the breakout low because technically the breakout low because technically the breakout even if it's failed as a higher high of even if it's failed as a higher high of even if it's failed as a higher high of sorts, right? Uh so you could reasonably sorts, right? Uh so you could reasonably sorts, right? Uh so you could reasonably say okay well if on this pullback I'm say okay well if on this pullback I'm say okay well if on this pullback I'm going to look at the range low or I'm going to look at the range low or I'm going to look at the range low or I'm going to look at the higher low level on going to look at the higher low level on going to look at the higher low level on like a 60 80% retracement whatever just like a 60 80% retracement whatever just like a 60 80% retracement whatever just like you go fishing on the pullback. Uh like you go fishing on the pullback. Uh like you go fishing on the pullback. Uh and then you basically just like you and then you basically just like you and then you basically just like you know worst case it just it is actually a know worst case it just it is actually a know worst case it just it is actually a mega nuke and you lose all your all of mega nuke and you lose all your all of mega nuke and you lose all your all of your money. slightly less bad case is your money. slightly less bad case is your money. slightly less bad case is that you kind of get chopped up looking that you kind of get chopped up looking that you kind of get chopped up looking for a higher low and the market kind of for a higher low and the market kind of for a higher low and the market kind of just turns to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] after a failed just turns to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] after a failed just turns to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] after a failed breakout and it becomes very unpleasant breakout and it becomes very unpleasant breakout and it becomes very unpleasant to trade. Uh whereas if you if you're to trade. Uh whereas if you if you're to trade. Uh whereas if you if you're willing to pay a premium for the reclaim willing to pay a premium for the reclaim willing to pay a premium for the reclaim trade of the same level, it tends to be trade of the same level, it tends to be trade of the same level, it tends to be a lot smoother. Uh I think a good a lot smoother. Uh I think a good a lot smoother. Uh I think a good example of this was one that was farmed example of this was one that was farmed example of this was one that was farmed on this show, which was what, like 18K on this show, which was what, like 18K on this show, which was what, like 18K at the bottom. Do you remember that one? at the bottom. Do you remember that one? at the bottom. Do you remember that one? Um wait, where am I looking? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um wait, where am I looking? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um wait, where am I looking? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, it was on the daily time frame, Oh, it was on the daily time frame, Oh, it was on the daily time frame, that's why. Yeah, it was like uh yeah, I that's why. Yeah, it was like uh yeah, I that's why. Yeah, it was like uh yeah, I think I've roughly got it here. Um yes, think I've roughly got it here. Um yes, think I've roughly got it here. Um yes, I mean this looks hilarious in I mean this looks hilarious in I mean this looks hilarious in hindsight, but it was that November 2022 hindsight, but it was that November 2022 hindsight, but it was that November 2022 uh 17.5K pattern, you know. Um and you uh 17.5K pattern, you know. Um and you uh 17.5K pattern, you know. Um and you can sort of go back and look at the can sort of go back and look at the can sort of go back and look at the rationale there. I traded this. Okay. rationale there. I traded this. Okay. rationale there. I traded this. Okay. Probably could have done a lot better. Probably could have done a lot better. Probably could have done a lot better. Um I know you crushed this portion or at Um I know you crushed this portion or at Um I know you crushed this portion or at least I think you did. Maybe I'm just least I think you did. Maybe I'm just least I think you did. Maybe I'm just creating. Yeah. Yeah. No, this was I was creating. Yeah. Yeah. No, this was I was creating. Yeah. Yeah. No, this was I was I mean that's that's where you were I mean that's that's where you were I mean that's that's where you were buying into it though. Yeah. Yeah. I was buying into it though. Yeah. Yeah. I was buying into it though. Yeah. Yeah. I was buying all of this like the entire 16k buying all of this like the entire 16k buying all of this like the entire 16k range was I was like this is just going range was I was like this is just going range was I was like this is just going to go up and and you've been holding to go up and and you've been holding to go up and and you've been holding since then obviously obviously all your since then obviously obviously all your since then obviously obviously all your leverage just paying funding and leverage just paying funding and leverage just paying funding and whatever. Yeah. Um but this is like a whatever. Yeah. Um but this is like a whatever. Yeah. Um but this is like a good example right? You have a failed good example right? You have a failed good example right? You have a failed breakout and then you're like ah well breakout and then you're like ah well breakout and then you're like ah well that's kind of shitty and looking for a that's kind of shitty and looking for a that's kind of shitty and looking for a higher low there is I mean look at the higher low there is I mean look at the higher low there is I mean look at the candles that is like a treacherous range candles that is like a treacherous range candles that is like a treacherous range and exercise and grind up whatever. Uh and exercise and grind up whatever. Uh and exercise and grind up whatever. Uh and then the actual acceleration and then the actual acceleration and then the actual acceleration happened not below the breakout level happened not below the breakout level happened not below the breakout level but actually as soon as the breakout but actually as soon as the breakout but actually as soon as the breakout level was reclaimed on the 11th of level was reclaimed on the 11th of level was reclaimed on the 11th of January. Yeah. It's still a good trade, January. Yeah. It's still a good trade, January. Yeah. It's still a good trade, right? Like you missed the bottom by right? Like you missed the bottom by right? Like you missed the bottom by quite a bit. You know, it was like 16.3 quite a bit. You know, it was like 16.3 quite a bit. You know, it was like 16.3 uh was the low after the failed breakout uh was the low after the failed breakout uh was the low after the failed breakout and then whatever 18K was basically the and then whatever 18K was basically the and then whatever 18K was basically the breakout level and you'd feel pretty breakout level and you'd feel pretty breakout level and you'd feel pretty terrible like oh my god it's gone up so terrible like oh my god it's gone up so terrible like oh my god it's gone up so much you know 2K which back in the day much you know 2K which back in the day much you know 2K which back in the day was a lot like it's gone up a percentage was a lot like it's gone up a percentage was a lot like it's gone up a percentage wise from the low to the point of wise from the low to the point of wise from the low to the point of breakdown. It's like, you know, if breakdown. It's like, you know, if breakdown. It's like, you know, if you're buying the daily close, it's like you're buying the daily close, it's like you're buying the daily close, it's like almost a 10% premium, uh, you're buying almost a 10% premium, uh, you're buying almost a 10% premium, uh, you're buying a market that's just rallied 10% and a market that's just rallied 10% and a market that's just rallied 10% and that might not feel so good as a from a that might not feel so good as a from a that might not feel so good as a from a sort of headline trading perspective, sort of headline trading perspective, sort of headline trading perspective, but then the actual move happened as but then the actual move happened as but then the actual move happened as soon as that level was reclaimed. And soon as that level was reclaimed. And soon as that level was reclaimed. And you probably saved yourself a bunch of you probably saved yourself a bunch of you probably saved yourself a bunch of chop and heartache and anxiety uh, by chop and heartache and anxiety uh, by chop and heartache and anxiety uh, by just paying that premium. You know, it's just paying that premium. You know, it's just paying that premium. You know, it's like 18K, 17.5K is a really good example like 18K, 17.5K is a really good example like 18K, 17.5K is a really good example of that. Uh, and I think you can apply of that. Uh, and I think you can apply of that. Uh, and I think you can apply like similarish logic to the weekly time like similarish logic to the weekly time like similarish logic to the weekly time frame if you get a close below. And frame if you get a close below. And frame if you get a close below. And again, we're fully in hypothetical land again, we're fully in hypothetical land again, we're fully in hypothetical land because we haven't closed below like because we haven't closed below like because we haven't closed below like we're above, you know, uh but you who we're above, you know, uh but you who we're above, you know, uh but you who who knows what happens to the market. who knows what happens to the market. who knows what happens to the market. And I think this will be this will And I think this will be this will And I think this will be this will remain valid for me as a framework remain valid for me as a framework remain valid for me as a framework almost no matter what the price just almost no matter what the price just almost no matter what the price just because this is like a pretty because this is like a pretty because this is like a pretty significant range high. So, you know, if significant range high. So, you know, if significant range high. So, you know, if it goes if it goes to like 120 and then it goes if it goes to like 120 and then it goes if it goes to like 120 and then does this, I still think it's does this, I still think it's does this, I still think it's actionable. Uh I think if it goes from actionable. Uh I think if it goes from actionable. Uh I think if it goes from here to sub 104k, I still think that's here to sub 104k, I still think that's here to sub 104k, I still think that's actionable, which is why I'm spending so actionable, which is why I'm spending so actionable, which is why I'm spending so much time on it at least. But I think much time on it at least. But I think much time on it at least. But I think the similar thing applies like this is a the similar thing applies like this is a the similar thing applies like this is a very clear level. If it fails to break very clear level. If it fails to break very clear level. If it fails to break out, you can go fishing at the range out, you can go fishing at the range out, you can go fishing at the range midpoint, the range low, reby the wicks, midpoint, the range low, reby the wicks, midpoint, the range low, reby the wicks, whatever. But if you don't want to do whatever. But if you don't want to do whatever. But if you don't want to do that, you can just make a literally set that, you can just make a literally set that, you can just make a literally set an alert and set a mental note that fail an alert and set a mental note that fail an alert and set a mental note that fail failed breakout failure has been failed breakout failure has been failed breakout failure has been achieved. Send it. Um, and you'll know achieved. Send it. Um, and you'll know achieved. Send it. Um, and you'll know pretty quickly whether you've been pretty quickly whether you've been pretty quickly whether you've been trapped twice or whether uh you're that trapped twice or whether uh you're that trapped twice or whether uh you're that there's something there for you. So I I there's something there for you. So I I there's something there for you. So I I quite like that road map. What do you quite like that road map. What do you quite like that road map. What do you think? Yeah, I mean on the weekly this think? Yeah, I mean on the weekly this think? Yeah, I mean on the weekly this is an excellent strategy. The lower time is an excellent strategy. The lower time is an excellent strategy. The lower time frame you go, the worse it gets because frame you go, the worse it gets because frame you go, the worse it gets because 100%. Because I mean we've all seen the 100%. Because I mean we've all seen the 100%. Because I mean we've all seen the breakout and then false breakout and breakout and then false breakout and breakout and then false breakout and then break out again and then another then break out again and then another then break out again and then another time in a row. Yeah. On the 4 hour and time in a row. Yeah. On the 4 hour and time in a row. Yeah. On the 4 hour and you might be asking yourself like, "Hey, you might be asking yourself like, "Hey, you might be asking yourself like, "Hey, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are these dudes talking what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are these dudes talking what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are these dudes talking about? I've seen this a million times. about? I've seen this a million times. about? I've seen this a million times. It's really bad." Yes. Um it is bad on It's really bad." Yes. Um it is bad on It's really bad." Yes. Um it is bad on the low time frames. It's really really the low time frames. It's really really the low time frames. It's really really good on the weekly. And you can you can good on the weekly. And you can you can good on the weekly. And you can you can back test this. Uh it's like just scroll back test this. Uh it's like just scroll back test this. Uh it's like just scroll out, check how it's been performing. Um out, check how it's been performing. Um out, check how it's been performing. Um weekly breakouts, weekly and monthly weekly breakouts, weekly and monthly weekly breakouts, weekly and monthly breakouts are generally high high signal breakouts are generally high high signal breakouts are generally high high signal to noise. Uh it's very very rare that to noise. Uh it's very very rare that to noise. Uh it's very very rare that you like I mean this literally all my you like I mean this literally all my you like I mean this literally all my edge in in trading trading this market edge in in trading trading this market edge in in trading trading this market over the years or like 90% of it has over the years or like 90% of it has over the years or like 90% of it has just been like zooming out a little bit just been like zooming out a little bit just been like zooming out a little bit and just looking at the thing and just looking at the thing and just looking at the thing objectively and being like ah this has objectively and being like ah this has objectively and being like ah this has this has worked in the past. me to see this has worked in the past. me to see this has worked in the past. me to see if it's going to work again and it if it's going to work again and it if it's going to work again and it rarely disappoints. Past performance rarely disappoints. Past performance rarely disappoints. Past performance does not guarantee future results unless does not guarantee future results unless does not guarantee future results unless you're a high time frame BTC trader you're a high time frame BTC trader you're a high time frame BTC trader apparently. apparently. apparently. Yeah, I mean obviously it doesn't always Yeah, I mean obviously it doesn't always Yeah, I mean obviously it doesn't always work, but I I actually don't remember um work, but I I actually don't remember um work, but I I actually don't remember um many high time frame um fake outs like many high time frame um fake outs like many high time frame um fake outs like that. Like if you go on the weekly time that. Like if you go on the weekly time that. Like if you go on the weekly time frame, you're going to have troubles frame, you're going to have troubles frame, you're going to have troubles finding them and you're going to find a finding them and you're going to find a finding them and you're going to find a lot that have worked. Yes, that's all lot that have worked. Yes, that's all lot that have worked. Yes, that's all I'm going to say. No, I completely I'm going to say. No, I completely I'm going to say. No, I completely agree. And also like in line of this agree. And also like in line of this agree. And also like in line of this pattern, I mean one example, this is not pattern, I mean one example, this is not pattern, I mean one example, this is not a great example, but that same high of a great example, but that same high of a great example, but that same high of April 21st highest close. Uh when that April 21st highest close. Uh when that April 21st highest close. Uh when that was eventually reclaimed 3 years later, was eventually reclaimed 3 years later, was eventually reclaimed 3 years later, it didn't work super well, but still it didn't work super well, but still it didn't work super well, but still kind of worked, you know. Uh but that is kind of worked, you know. Uh but that is kind of worked, you know. Uh but that is 3 years later as an important proviso. 3 years later as an important proviso. 3 years later as an important proviso. Uh, and then if you look at I remember Uh, and then if you look at I remember Uh, and then if you look at I remember trading my tits off on this one. The trading my tits off on this one. The trading my tits off on this one. The 11.5K. You can tell when my peak was D 11.5K. You can tell when my peak was D 11.5K. You can tell when my peak was D by all my all my references like the by all my all my references like the by all my all my references like the 1866 wick on the CME, you know. So, uh, 1866 wick on the CME, you know. So, uh, 1866 wick on the CME, you know. So, uh, but like this is also in my view like a but like this is also in my view like a but like this is also in my view like a really good example. Uh, the 11.5K 2019 really good example. Uh, the 11.5K 2019 really good example. Uh, the 11.5K 2019 level where that was the high. We faked level where that was the high. We faked level where that was the high. We faked out above it, nuked a little bit. Um, it out above it, nuked a little bit. Um, it out above it, nuked a little bit. Um, it nuked into a very good level, but still nuked into a very good level, but still nuked into a very good level, but still look where the acceleration actually look where the acceleration actually look where the acceleration actually happened. it was through well really happened. it was through well really happened. it was through well really kicked off when the original fake out kicked off when the original fake out kicked off when the original fake out level was reclaimed. So there there's level was reclaimed. So there there's level was reclaimed. So there there's something to this and we could do this something to this and we could do this something to this and we could do this exact same exercise for the other useful exact same exercise for the other useful exact same exercise for the other useful high time frame pattern for BTC which is high time frame pattern for BTC which is high time frame pattern for BTC which is retesting the uh sort of long retesting the uh sort of long retesting the uh sort of long long-standing ranges from the downside, long-standing ranges from the downside, long-standing ranges from the downside, right? Yeah. Never works. Just doesn't right? Yeah. Never works. Just doesn't right? Yeah. Never works. Just doesn't work. Like if you're a bearish retest work. Like if you're a bearish retest work. Like if you're a bearish retest seller at 6K, uh you're you're getting seller at 6K, uh you're you're getting seller at 6K, uh you're you're getting mowled. You're getting run over. Uh the mowled. You're getting run over. Uh the mowled. You're getting run over. Uh the other big one I think you could make an other big one I think you could make an other big one I think you could make an argument for something around like argument for something around like argument for something around like sevenish, but I don't like it. I didn't sevenish, but I don't like it. I didn't sevenish, but I don't like it. I didn't treat it that way personally. The other treat it that way personally. The other treat it that way personally. The other obvious one is like 32K, right? Uh also obvious one is like 32K, right? Uh also obvious one is like 32K, right? Uh also like big bearish retest. Absolutely not. like big bearish retest. Absolutely not. like big bearish retest. Absolutely not. Gets gets abs gets [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sent. And now Gets gets abs gets [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sent. And now Gets gets abs gets [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sent. And now we have another one in the form of the we have another one in the form of the we have another one in the form of the 93k reclaim going straight to uh you 93k reclaim going straight to uh you 93k reclaim going straight to uh you know breakdown and no retest going know breakdown and no retest going know breakdown and no retest going straight to the other side of the range. straight to the other side of the range. straight to the other side of the range. Like I really think if your capital and Like I really think if your capital and Like I really think if your capital and patience and trading strategies, patience and trading strategies, patience and trading strategies, whatever, allow for it, especially if whatever, allow for it, especially if whatever, allow for it, especially if you've got other stuff going on in your you've got other stuff going on in your you've got other stuff going on in your life, which none of us do obviously, life, which none of us do obviously, life, which none of us do obviously, present company included, uh you could present company included, uh you could present company included, uh you could just trade BTC based on these two high just trade BTC based on these two high just trade BTC based on these two high time frame weekly patterns. And I hate time frame weekly patterns. And I hate time frame weekly patterns. And I hate claims like that cuz they're always like claims like that cuz they're always like claims like that cuz they're always like uh very influencer facing like two uh very influencer facing like two uh very influencer facing like two strategies to, you know, make your ex strategies to, you know, make your ex strategies to, you know, make your ex fall in love with you again or whatever. fall in love with you again or whatever. fall in love with you again or whatever. Uh but I think if I had to choose, you Uh but I think if I had to choose, you Uh but I think if I had to choose, you know, like the lonely, what's it called? know, like the lonely, what's it called? know, like the lonely, what's it called? desert island discs where like you're desert island discs where like you're desert island discs where like you're stranded on a desert island and you can stranded on a desert island and you can stranded on a desert island and you can only have like two books or two some only have like two books or two some only have like two books or two some number of uh albums to listen to or number of uh albums to listen to or number of uh albums to listen to or whatever. For me, my desert island BTC whatever. For me, my desert island BTC whatever. For me, my desert island BTC patterns would be these two. Failed patterns would be these two. Failed patterns would be these two. Failed breakout weekly, failed bearish retest breakout weekly, failed bearish retest breakout weekly, failed bearish retest weekly and that's it. Like you're you're weekly and that's it. Like you're you're weekly and that's it. Like you're you're not going to be led very far astray. not going to be led very far astray. not going to be led very far astray. Your trade frequency is going to be Your trade frequency is going to be Your trade frequency is going to be really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] low. So, god forbid you really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] low. So, god forbid you really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] low. So, god forbid you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. It's like, "Oh, I moved to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. It's like, "Oh, I moved to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. It's like, "Oh, I moved to break even." It's like okay wait 6 break even." It's like okay wait 6 break even." It's like okay wait 6 months and try again. So like on the months and try again. So like on the months and try again. So like on the trading frequency side it's not really trading frequency side it's not really trading frequency side it's not really helpful that you should have other helpful that you should have other helpful that you should have other strategies running running in general if strategies running running in general if strategies running running in general if you want to trade actively. But in terms you want to trade actively. But in terms you want to trade actively. But in terms of just like sheer reliability and of just like sheer reliability and of just like sheer reliability and signal to noise and also kind of giving signal to noise and also kind of giving signal to noise and also kind of giving you a bias for your other setups. I you a bias for your other setups. I you a bias for your other setups. I think this this weekly stuff is is still think this this weekly stuff is is still think this this weekly stuff is is still standing the test of time which is rare. standing the test of time which is rare. standing the test of time which is rare. Like this is trading this supposed to Like this is trading this supposed to Like this is trading this supposed to get eaten up like immediately if it's get eaten up like immediately if it's get eaten up like immediately if it's real edge technically but everyone in real edge technically but everyone in real edge technically but everyone in crypto is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, yeah, crypto is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, yeah, crypto is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, yeah, definitely. And also, it's just it's a definitely. And also, it's just it's a definitely. And also, it's just it's a time frame question, right? Like if you time frame question, right? Like if you time frame question, right? Like if you have a millisecond, yes, absolutely. have a millisecond, yes, absolutely. have a millisecond, yes, absolutely. Like, dude, if you have like a Like, dude, if you have like a Like, dude, if you have like a millisecond edge or like a few seconds, millisecond edge or like a few seconds, millisecond edge or like a few seconds, um you're going to get eaten up, um you're going to get eaten up, um you're going to get eaten up, especially if it stands out. But like especially if it stands out. But like especially if it stands out. But like weekly time frame, like I think I think weekly time frame, like I think I think weekly time frame, like I think I think it's too big at a certain point. Like, it's too big at a certain point. Like, it's too big at a certain point. Like, you know, you could ARB something out you know, you could ARB something out you know, you could ARB something out intraday or if you're counting in intraday or if you're counting in intraday or if you're counting in milliseconds or seconds or minutes or milliseconds or seconds or minutes or milliseconds or seconds or minutes or whatever, but like arbing something out whatever, but like arbing something out whatever, but like arbing something out on a on a weekly time frame, it's just a on a on a weekly time frame, it's just a on a on a weekly time frame, it's just a completely different exercise, you know. completely different exercise, you know. completely different exercise, you know. Um, so yeah, TLDDR Don said that if it Um, so yeah, TLDDR Don said that if it Um, so yeah, TLDDR Don said that if it closes below 104K, it's mega cyclical closes below 104K, it's mega cyclical closes below 104K, it's mega cyclical top confirmed and there is no bottom. top confirmed and there is no bottom. top confirmed and there is no bottom. No, no, we will see. I I could actually No, no, we will see. I I could actually No, no, we will see. I I could actually see pretty much exactly that happening see pretty much exactly that happening see pretty much exactly that happening again. 104k gets obliterated to the again. 104k gets obliterated to the again. 104k gets obliterated to the downside. We go to like whatever 98, 97, downside. We go to like whatever 98, 97, downside. We go to like whatever 98, 97, 96, start ramping up again and then 96, start ramping up again and then 96, start ramping up again and then break the resistance for Rio and then break the resistance for Rio and then break the resistance for Rio and then never look back. Could see that happen. never look back. Could see that happen. never look back. Could see that happen. Uh but there's always a risk uh that Uh but there's always a risk uh that Uh but there's always a risk uh that this plays out like it did in 2021. this plays out like it did in 2021. this plays out like it did in 2021. So there it might pay to be a little bit So there it might pay to be a little bit So there it might pay to be a little bit cautious even if you think that is going cautious even if you think that is going cautious even if you think that is going to happen which I think the likelihood to happen which I think the likelihood to happen which I think the likelihood of of 100 4K getting broken to the of of 100 4K getting broken to the of of 100 4K getting broken to the downside and then that pattern playing downside and then that pattern playing downside and then that pattern playing out basically to walk up into full scent out basically to walk up into full scent out basically to walk up into full scent I think is quite high. I think is quite high. I think is quite high. Um but also the risk is decent enough Um but also the risk is decent enough Um but also the risk is decent enough that if we break under 4K you just get that if we break under 4K you just get that if we break under 4K you just get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] completely. So, might have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] completely. So, might have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] completely. So, might have to derisk some at that point. Might not. derisk some at that point. Might not. derisk some at that point. Might not. Like, you do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want Like, you do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want Like, you do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want to do. But it's what I what I I look at. to do. But it's what I what I I look at. to do. But it's what I what I I look at. It's It's an really interesting point. It's It's an really interesting point. It's It's an really interesting point. It It's kind of funny because most It It's kind of funny because most It It's kind of funny because most people I think would have been like or people I think would have been like or people I think would have been like or were bearish into that range retest. We were bearish into that range retest. We were bearish into that range retest. We were both like this just never works. were both like this just never works. were both like this just never works. Like, we were both talking about this on Like, we were both talking about this on Like, we were both talking about this on the show like non-stop. Like, this just the show like non-stop. Like, this just the show like non-stop. Like, this just never works. Uh these kind of retests. never works. Uh these kind of retests. never works. Uh these kind of retests. Uh my level is even lower. like it's at Uh my level is even lower. like it's at Uh my level is even lower. like it's at 90K and I was like, "Hey, we reclaim 90K and I was like, "Hey, we reclaim 90K and I was like, "Hey, we reclaim 90K. I mean, just send it." And it has. 90K. I mean, just send it." And it has. 90K. I mean, just send it." And it has. Uh, and now I think it's the opposite. Uh, and now I think it's the opposite. Uh, and now I think it's the opposite. Like most people would be like, "Yeah, Like most people would be like, "Yeah, Like most people would be like, "Yeah, um, this can pull back, whatever." And um, this can pull back, whatever." And um, this can pull back, whatever." And I'm I'm more in the camp of it really I'm I'm more in the camp of it really I'm I'm more in the camp of it really shouldn't. So, we'll see. We'll see how shouldn't. So, we'll see. We'll see how shouldn't. So, we'll see. We'll see how it goes. Um, maybe it's my backs talking it goes. Um, maybe it's my backs talking it goes. Um, maybe it's my backs talking like I just don't want this to pull back like I just don't want this to pull back like I just don't want this to pull back because I just want to make You want to because I just want to make You want to because I just want to make You want to have to trade. You're just like me. For have to trade. You're just like me. For have to trade. You're just like me. For real. For real. Yeah. For real. For real. For real. Yeah. For real. For real. For real. Yeah. For real. For real. I just want to I just want to real. I just want to I just want to real. I just want to I just want to hold. But I I I don't have the mental hold. But I I I don't have the mental hold. But I I I don't have the mental capacity right now. Like I was sitting capacity right now. Like I was sitting capacity right now. Like I was sitting at like eating um with my family at like eating um with my family at like eating um with my family earlier. Yeah. At at the table and like earlier. Yeah. At at the table and like earlier. Yeah. At at the table and like the baby was on my left and our our the baby was on my left and our our the baby was on my left and our our older child was to my right. Go for older child was to my right. Go for older child was to my right. Go for screaming and I was like you were like I screaming and I was like you were like I screaming and I was like you were like I need to lock into the trenches and find need to lock into the trenches and find need to lock into the trenches and find the daily runner, you know? Yeah. Yeah. the daily runner, you know? Yeah. Yeah. the daily runner, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Like just nah just don't I'm Exactly. Like just nah just don't I'm Exactly. Like just nah just don't I'm too old for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So just run it so too old for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So just run it so too old for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So just run it so it's clear. um or if it fails um at it's clear. um or if it fails um at it's clear. um or if it fails um at least reclaim it quickly so it's still least reclaim it quickly so it's still least reclaim it quickly so it's still clear. One thing is all paths end up clear. One thing is all paths end up clear. One thing is all paths end up leading to 104 in one form or another. leading to 104 in one form or another. leading to 104 in one form or another. Not only because it's the all-time high, Not only because it's the all-time high, Not only because it's the all-time high, but like if you're bullish right now but like if you're bullish right now but like if you're bullish right now slash have longs right now, that's your slash have longs right now, that's your slash have longs right now, that's your early warning system. Uh if you're super early warning system. Uh if you're super early warning system. Uh if you're super bare tarded, that's your earliest bare tarded, that's your earliest bare tarded, that's your earliest confirmation that you're right. And then confirmation that you're right. And then confirmation that you're right. And then even if you're like neutral or leaning even if you're like neutral or leaning even if you're like neutral or leaning bullarded or whatever, if it does fail, bullarded or whatever, if it does fail, bullarded or whatever, if it does fail, uh you don't have to go fishing for uh you don't have to go fishing for uh you don't have to go fishing for higher lows. one of your best entry higher lows. one of your best entry higher lows. one of your best entry triggers will be the reclaim of 104. Um, triggers will be the reclaim of 104. Um, triggers will be the reclaim of 104. Um, so like most likely that's that's the so like most likely that's that's the so like most likely that's that's the thumbnail clickbait title. Just like thumbnail clickbait title. Just like thumbnail clickbait title. Just like there's one level on BTC or something there's one level on BTC or something there's one level on BTC or something like that. Obviously there are more, but like that. Obviously there are more, but like that. Obviously there are more, but I I think I think it's the only one that I I think I think it's the only one that I I think I think it's the only one that matters. It's really Yeah, it's Listen, matters. It's really Yeah, it's Listen, matters. It's really Yeah, it's Listen, I mean it's a weekly chart, right? So I mean it's a weekly chart, right? So I mean it's a weekly chart, right? So like you're not going to get weekly like you're not going to get weekly like you're not going to get weekly setups or weekly levels that are setups or weekly levels that are setups or weekly levels that are relevant super often. um like the relevant super often. um like the relevant super often. um like the retest, the reclaim of 90k was one and retest, the reclaim of 90k was one and retest, the reclaim of 90k was one and it got here pretty quickly, but that's it got here pretty quickly, but that's it got here pretty quickly, but that's because we'd ranged and done [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all because we'd ranged and done [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all because we'd ranged and done [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all like through all of the winter like through all of the winter like through all of the winter basically. Uh and and so these are worth basically. Uh and and so these are worth basically. Uh and and so these are worth taking seriously for the simple reason taking seriously for the simple reason taking seriously for the simple reason that they generally work high signal to that they generally work high signal to that they generally work high signal to noise ratio and they're also not super noise ratio and they're also not super noise ratio and they're also not super frequent just because of how long it frequent just because of how long it frequent just because of how long it takes for the damn things to print, you takes for the damn things to print, you takes for the damn things to print, you know. Um I think that's mostly it for know. Um I think that's mostly it for know. Um I think that's mostly it for BTC. Uh, have you has your ETH E ETH is BTC. Uh, have you has your ETH E ETH is BTC. Uh, have you has your ETH E ETH is basically in the same place where we did basically in the same place where we did basically in the same place where we did the last show? So, I mean, I'd almost the last show? So, I mean, I'd almost the last show? So, I mean, I'd almost feel bad updating it. Um, nothing's feel bad updating it. Um, nothing's feel bad updating it. Um, nothing's changed. Nothing's changed. I mean, this changed. Nothing's changed. I mean, this changed. Nothing's changed. I mean, this is optimal at in my opinion. Like, the is optimal at in my opinion. Like, the is optimal at in my opinion. Like, the weekly chart for ETH is kind of like weekly chart for ETH is kind of like weekly chart for ETH is kind of like what you would want. Um, we did talk what you would want. Um, we did talk what you would want. Um, we did talk about it last week where I was like, uh, about it last week where I was like, uh, about it last week where I was like, uh, we want to hold 2.2K. Uh, and it's kind we want to hold 2.2K. Uh, and it's kind we want to hold 2.2K. Uh, and it's kind of like wicked twice to that region, of like wicked twice to that region, of like wicked twice to that region, 2.2, 2.3K. Yeah. Um, and, uh, it's held. 2.2, 2.3K. Yeah. Um, and, uh, it's held. 2.2, 2.3K. Yeah. Um, and, uh, it's held. it's going sideways. Like you look at it's going sideways. Like you look at it's going sideways. Like you look at this chart in isolation, you're like, this chart in isolation, you're like, this chart in isolation, you're like, "Ah, that's quite nice." And I I like "Ah, that's quite nice." And I I like "Ah, that's quite nice." And I I like it. Um I still think as long as as 2.3K it. Um I still think as long as as 2.3K it. Um I still think as long as as 2.3K holds, holds, holds, uh we're in the same situation where it uh we're in the same situation where it uh we're in the same situation where it just looks good. Like that's just a just looks good. Like that's just a just looks good. Like that's just a decent looking chart. Um and I would decent looking chart. Um and I would decent looking chart. Um and I would really like it to to break the next really like it to to break the next really like it to to break the next resistance, the one that we've been resistance, the one that we've been resistance, the one that we've been struggling with, which is 2.7ish, like struggling with, which is 2.7ish, like struggling with, which is 2.7ish, like around the 2.7K level. uh then it would around the 2.7K level. uh then it would around the 2.7K level. uh then it would look excellent. But right now like this look excellent. But right now like this look excellent. But right now like this quite the good move I would say and it's quite the good move I would say and it's quite the good move I would say and it's broken the resistances it needs to break broken the resistances it needs to break broken the resistances it needs to break and it's been consolidating the way it and it's been consolidating the way it and it's been consolidating the way it should consolidate before it goes should consolidate before it goes should consolidate before it goes higher. It just obviously also needs higher. It just obviously also needs higher. It just obviously also needs Bitcoin to hold 104K because if Bitcoin Bitcoin to hold 104K because if Bitcoin Bitcoin to hold 104K because if Bitcoin doesn't this probably doesn't hold 2.3K doesn't this probably doesn't hold 2.3K doesn't this probably doesn't hold 2.3K and then we're kind of in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then we're kind of in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then we're kind of in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] situation at least on situation at least on situation at least on ETH. So but generally same same as last ETH. So but generally same same as last ETH. So but generally same same as last week. Yeah. I mean almost to the tick, week. Yeah. I mean almost to the tick, week. Yeah. I mean almost to the tick, you know. Um that said, there is a you know. Um that said, there is a you know. Um that said, there is a classical charting double top here, so classical charting double top here, so classical charting double top here, so it's all over. Have you considered that it's all over. Have you considered that it's all over. Have you considered that argument by any chance on the daily time argument by any chance on the daily time argument by any chance on the daily time frame? I actually have not. Thank you frame? I actually have not. Thank you frame? I actually have not. Thank you for bringing it to my attention. for bringing it to my attention. for bringing it to my attention. Please allow me to go AFK for 5 minutes Please allow me to go AFK for 5 minutes Please allow me to go AFK for 5 minutes as I reconstruct my entire Be right as I reconstruct my entire Be right as I reconstruct my entire Be right back. Be right back. And you hear me in back. Be right back. And you hear me in back. Be right back. And you hear me in the background like furiously typing. the background like furiously typing. the background like furiously typing. Yeah, I watched a one minute chart just Yeah, I watched a one minute chart just Yeah, I watched a one minute chart just Yeah. eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That'd be hilarious. But Yeah. eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That'd be hilarious. But Yeah. eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That'd be hilarious. But no, it's the same thing. Uh and you know no, it's the same thing. Uh and you know no, it's the same thing. Uh and you know we outline the difficulty of you know we outline the difficulty of you know we outline the difficulty of you know someone who's a low time frame trader someone who's a low time frame trader someone who's a low time frame trader will be looking at 2.6 2.8 differently will be looking at 2.6 2.8 differently will be looking at 2.6 2.8 differently someone who's holding spot from lower someone who's holding spot from lower someone who's holding spot from lower differently for someone who's flat like differently for someone who's flat like differently for someone who's flat like there are no kind of easy answers there there are no kind of easy answers there there are no kind of easy answers there but structure-wise I don't think but structure-wise I don't think but structure-wise I don't think anything's changed where your real we anything's changed where your real we anything's changed where your real we had one good week and it's consolidating had one good week and it's consolidating had one good week and it's consolidating like that's we had an amazing week like that's we had an amazing week like that's we had an amazing week actually that broke one of the more actually that broke one of the more actually that broke one of the more important resistance levels and now it's important resistance levels and now it's important resistance levels and now it's consolidating. Um I kind of agree that consolidating. Um I kind of agree that consolidating. Um I kind of agree that rather than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around with you know rather than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around with you know rather than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around with you know is 2.6 6 2.8 going to break and whatever is 2.6 6 2.8 going to break and whatever is 2.6 6 2.8 going to break and whatever else. Like if it breaks, I think, yeah, else. Like if it breaks, I think, yeah, else. Like if it breaks, I think, yeah, you can probably not feel terrible about you can probably not feel terrible about you can probably not feel terrible about paying a premium for it, hoping you get paying a premium for it, hoping you get paying a premium for it, hoping you get a redemption arc to 4K. Obviously, it a redemption arc to 4K. Obviously, it a redemption arc to 4K. Obviously, it depends on what ETH BTC looks like and depends on what ETH BTC looks like and depends on what ETH BTC looks like and what the Bitcoin breakout that leads to what the Bitcoin breakout that leads to what the Bitcoin breakout that leads to this also looks like cuz I think that's this also looks like cuz I think that's this also looks like cuz I think that's the prerequisite realistically. Uh, you the prerequisite realistically. Uh, you the prerequisite realistically. Uh, you know, I don't think BTC is going to like know, I don't think BTC is going to like know, I don't think BTC is going to like stay around the range high, not stay around the range high, not stay around the range high, not accelerating, and then ETH just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] accelerating, and then ETH just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] accelerating, and then ETH just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] melts up 3K plus. I mean, maybe, but melts up 3K plus. I mean, maybe, but melts up 3K plus. I mean, maybe, but actually, I mean, it would take a while, actually, I mean, it would take a while, actually, I mean, it would take a while, I think. May maybe that's the old season I think. May maybe that's the old season I think. May maybe that's the old season blueprint like BTC. Yeah, if Bitcoin blueprint like BTC. Yeah, if Bitcoin blueprint like BTC. Yeah, if Bitcoin turns boring and just holds above 1004. turns boring and just holds above 1004. turns boring and just holds above 1004. Maybe. Yeah, unlikely as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. Maybe. Yeah, unlikely as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. Maybe. Yeah, unlikely as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. Like I would never expect it to, but Like I would never expect it to, but Like I would never expect it to, but maybe that does it. Um be kind of fun. maybe that does it. Um be kind of fun. maybe that does it. Um be kind of fun. Imagine Bitcoin just consolidates around Imagine Bitcoin just consolidates around Imagine Bitcoin just consolidates around around alltime high and old coin send. I around alltime high and old coin send. I around alltime high and old coin send. I would like that. Yeah. And then it would like that. Yeah. And then it would like that. Yeah. And then it breaks below and we die. Um yeah, I mean breaks below and we die. Um yeah, I mean breaks below and we die. Um yeah, I mean that that'd be the best ending. Like at that that'd be the best ending. Like at that that'd be the best ending. Like at that point it's quite obvious, right? I that point it's quite obvious, right? I that point it's quite obvious, right? I think that was kind of like the 2021 think that was kind of like the 2021 think that was kind of like the 2021 thing too where um the reason why uh we thing too where um the reason why uh we thing too where um the reason why uh we were both so aggressive about saying were both so aggressive about saying were both so aggressive about saying like hey 60k like you can be like we we like hey 60k like you can be like we we like hey 60k like you can be like we we should be bullish above 60k but if it should be bullish above 60k but if it should be bullish above 60k but if it loses 60k again I mean that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loses 60k again I mean that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loses 60k again I mean that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And the reason was not necessarily that And the reason was not necessarily that And the reason was not necessarily that the chart would look terrible terrible the chart would look terrible terrible the chart would look terrible terrible below 60k that I've seen worse things. below 60k that I've seen worse things. below 60k that I've seen worse things. It's just because the old coins were set It's just because the old coins were set It's just because the old coins were set up in a way where this would just make up in a way where this would just make up in a way where this would just make sense, right? Um, basically like we had sense, right? Um, basically like we had sense, right? Um, basically like we had a bunch of old coins, giga rallying, we a bunch of old coins, giga rallying, we a bunch of old coins, giga rallying, we had Dogecoin going, we had a bunch of had Dogecoin going, we had a bunch of had Dogecoin going, we had a bunch of the older coins, the Boomer coins the older coins, the Boomer coins the older coins, the Boomer coins running and like that all increases the running and like that all increases the running and like that all increases the chances of like the market just chances of like the market just chances of like the market just generally topping. So if if you got that generally topping. So if if you got that generally topping. So if if you got that same situation now where we got like all same situation now where we got like all same situation now where we got like all coins running um that would at least coins running um that would at least coins running um that would at least make the decision tree quite easy make the decision tree quite easy make the decision tree quite easy because if if you get the same signal because if if you get the same signal because if if you get the same signal that you got 2021 with the same coin that you got 2021 with the same coin that you got 2021 with the same coin situation um I think that would be situation um I think that would be situation um I think that would be that'd be a relatively nice trade to that'd be a relatively nice trade to that'd be a relatively nice trade to make. Um basically just entirely risking make. Um basically just entirely risking make. Um basically just entirely risking off but sadly I don't think I think it's off but sadly I don't think I think it's off but sadly I don't think I think it's I don't think it's too likely. I think I don't think it's too likely. I think I don't think it's too likely. I think Bitcoin having broken out, you should Bitcoin having broken out, you should Bitcoin having broken out, you should expect it to go higher. Um, or this be a expect it to go higher. Um, or this be a expect it to go higher. Um, or this be a false breakout and for it to just kind false breakout and for it to just kind false breakout and for it to just kind of wipe all the leverage before it of wipe all the leverage before it of wipe all the leverage before it either tries again or goes goes lower. either tries again or goes goes lower. either tries again or goes goes lower. Uh, I think the the least likely would Uh, I think the the least likely would Uh, I think the the least likely would be us actually just consolidating here. be us actually just consolidating here. be us actually just consolidating here. Um I mean I think it would change the Um I mean I think it would change the Um I mean I think it would change the calculus or at least like how one would calculus or at least like how one would calculus or at least like how one would assess the impact of going back below assess the impact of going back below assess the impact of going back below 104 if we get like something resembling 104 if we get like something resembling 104 if we get like something resembling alt season in the meantime. Like for alt season in the meantime. Like for alt season in the meantime. Like for example if BTC in the short term with example if BTC in the short term with example if BTC in the short term with ETH where it is etc breaks down below ETH where it is etc breaks down below ETH where it is etc breaks down below 104 you could still make reasonable 104 you could still make reasonable 104 you could still make reasonable arguments that like you know essentially arguments that like you know essentially arguments that like you know essentially what was said earlier yeah it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in what was said earlier yeah it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in what was said earlier yeah it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the short term take this weekly thing the short term take this weekly thing the short term take this weekly thing seriously. Uh, but it could just be a seriously. Uh, but it could just be a seriously. Uh, but it could just be a flush and if it goes back above 104K, flush and if it goes back above 104K, flush and if it goes back above 104K, that's worth punting. But like if we that's worth punting. But like if we that's worth punting. But like if we just go batshit bananas with BTC above just go batshit bananas with BTC above just go batshit bananas with BTC above 104K and then having added all that 104K and then having added all that 104K and then having added all that leverage, open interest for speculation, leverage, open interest for speculation, leverage, open interest for speculation, it breaks below, I think my targets it breaks below, I think my targets it breaks below, I think my targets overall would be lower. Much lower. So overall would be lower. Much lower. So overall would be lower. Much lower. So that's an interesting one. Fully agreed. that's an interesting one. Fully agreed. that's an interesting one. Fully agreed. Uh, but yeah, that's that's ETH Uh, but yeah, that's that's ETH Uh, but yeah, that's that's ETH basically. As always, just look at BTC basically. As always, just look at BTC basically. As always, just look at BTC and come to a conclusion. Yeah, I mean, and come to a conclusion. Yeah, I mean, and come to a conclusion. Yeah, I mean, but but you look at ETH BTC, um that's but but you look at ETH BTC, um that's but but you look at ETH BTC, um that's not that bad. Like, it's obviously not that bad. Like, it's obviously not that bad. Like, it's obviously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible, but the the on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible, but the the on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible, but the the on the weekly time frame, um it's we talked weekly time frame, um it's we talked weekly time frame, um it's we talked about this last week, I'm pretty sure. about this last week, I'm pretty sure. about this last week, I'm pretty sure. Um the the cluster that needs to hold is Um the the cluster that needs to hold is Um the the cluster that needs to hold is holding right now. Green candle, right? holding right now. Green candle, right? holding right now. Green candle, right? That one green candle is doing all the That one green candle is doing all the That one green candle is doing all the work. And I like that. Like, I like it. work. And I like that. Like, I like it. work. And I like that. Like, I like it. Uh I think generally the case for ETH Uh I think generally the case for ETH Uh I think generally the case for ETH gets much weaker if that cluster doesn't gets much weaker if that cluster doesn't gets much weaker if that cluster doesn't hold. hold. hold. um just because you want to see a little um just because you want to see a little um just because you want to see a little bit of outperformance. Um so the fact bit of outperformance. Um so the fact bit of outperformance. Um so the fact that it's holding and still like you go that it's holding and still like you go that it's holding and still like you go go to the left and see how long it's go to the left and see how long it's go to the left and see how long it's been since one of these has actually been since one of these has actually been since one of these has actually just offered any support. Yeah. And you just offered any support. Yeah. And you just offered any support. Yeah. And you will not find anything. Um you just will not find anything. Um you just will not find anything. Um you just won't find support. Yeah, you won't find won't find support. Yeah, you won't find won't find support. Yeah, you won't find any of these that has actually flipped, any of these that has actually flipped, any of these that has actually flipped, right? They've all been resistance. Um, right? They've all been resistance. Um, right? They've all been resistance. Um, if you go to the left, like literally if you go to the left, like literally if you go to the left, like literally every single one of these has actually every single one of these has actually every single one of these has actually just been resistance um since the just been resistance um since the just been resistance um since the inception of time. inception of time. inception of time. And this this is a nice change of pace. And this this is a nice change of pace. And this this is a nice change of pace. So that's that been good to hold. Um, So that's that been good to hold. Um, So that's that been good to hold. Um, it'd be especially good to hold if it'd be especially good to hold if it'd be especially good to hold if Bitcoin runs. Um, that'd be quite Bitcoin runs. Um, that'd be quite Bitcoin runs. Um, that'd be quite impressive, I think. But uh, yeah, this impressive, I think. But uh, yeah, this impressive, I think. But uh, yeah, this what I'm looking for for an EBTC to see what I'm looking for for an EBTC to see what I'm looking for for an EBTC to see if that holds or not. Yeah, I mean it's if that holds or not. Yeah, I mean it's if that holds or not. Yeah, I mean it's pretty relevant for sure. It's also very pretty relevant for sure. It's also very pretty relevant for sure. It's also very nice on the daily time frame. Um, yeah, nice on the daily time frame. Um, yeah, nice on the daily time frame. Um, yeah, the further you zoom in, like the better the further you zoom in, like the better the further you zoom in, like the better it looks like. I'm on the one minute and it looks like. I'm on the one minute and it looks like. I'm on the one minute and yeah, like you go to the 1 hour like how yeah, like you go to the 1 hour like how yeah, like you go to the 1 hour like how how has anyone ever been bearish this how has anyone ever been bearish this how has anyone ever been bearish this thing? Like this has only gone up. Yeah. thing? Like this has only gone up. Yeah. thing? Like this has only gone up. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that breakout. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that breakout. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that breakout. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Time frames, man. No, I think Yeah. Time frames, man. No, I think Yeah. Time frames, man. No, I think that's that makes a lot of sense. Um, if that's that makes a lot of sense. Um, if that's that makes a lot of sense. Um, if it can keep up with a alltime high it can keep up with a alltime high it can keep up with a alltime high acceleration, that'd be super acceleration, that'd be super acceleration, that'd be super impressive. Um, yeah. And if it can run impressive. Um, yeah. And if it can run impressive. Um, yeah. And if it can run without the all-time high breakout, without the all-time high breakout, without the all-time high breakout, that'd be super locally impressive, like that'd be super locally impressive, like that'd be super locally impressive, like oh my god, look like BTC is oh my god, look like BTC is oh my god, look like BTC is consolidating. Finally, people are consolidating. Finally, people are consolidating. Finally, people are piling risk into alts. But as long as it piling risk into alts. But as long as it piling risk into alts. But as long as it doesn't subsequently lead to a 104k doesn't subsequently lead to a 104k doesn't subsequently lead to a 104k breakdown, that would be better. I mean, breakdown, that would be better. I mean, breakdown, that would be better. I mean, my view tentatively at the moment is if my view tentatively at the moment is if my view tentatively at the moment is if we get super altcoin strength with BTC we get super altcoin strength with BTC we get super altcoin strength with BTC not leading and while it's still not leading and while it's still not leading and while it's still hovering, the probability of BTC hovering, the probability of BTC hovering, the probability of BTC catching up is lower than the catching up is lower than the catching up is lower than the probability of just the market nuking if probability of just the market nuking if probability of just the market nuking if that makes sense. Yeah, I genally I that makes sense. Yeah, I genally I that makes sense. Yeah, I genally I sorry I generally think all coin like sorry I generally think all coin like sorry I generally think all coin like all coins going up significantly would all coins going up significantly would all coins going up significantly would kind of be the end of of this run. Yeah, kind of be the end of of this run. Yeah, kind of be the end of of this run. Yeah, that wouldn't be great. Um, like, yeah, that wouldn't be great. Um, like, yeah, that wouldn't be great. Um, like, yeah, I mean, it would be great locally I mean, it would be great locally I mean, it would be great locally because like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] finally. I just because like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] finally. I just because like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] finally. I just mean, you never want to be in a position mean, you never want to be in a position mean, you never want to be in a position where the health of the market is where the health of the market is where the health of the market is determined by BTC catching up to a bunch determined by BTC catching up to a bunch determined by BTC catching up to a bunch of dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. That's a really of dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. That's a really of dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. That's a really bad spot to be in because more often bad spot to be in because more often bad spot to be in because more often than not, it'll just not. It's always than not, it'll just not. It's always than not, it'll just not. It's always easier to make those I mean, at least easier to make those I mean, at least easier to make those I mean, at least historically, it's been easier to make historically, it's been easier to make historically, it's been easier to make those arguments if BTC is leading and those arguments if BTC is leading and those arguments if BTC is leading and then the catch the altcoin trade is on then the catch the altcoin trade is on then the catch the altcoin trade is on the catch-up, not the other way around. the catch-up, not the other way around. the catch-up, not the other way around. Like the first version is like Like the first version is like Like the first version is like historical alt season type of historical alt season type of historical alt season type of ingredients. The second version is ingredients. The second version is ingredients. The second version is basically 2021 top where BTC is stopped. basically 2021 top where BTC is stopped. basically 2021 top where BTC is stopped. It's a final, you know, harrah from It's a final, you know, harrah from It's a final, you know, harrah from everything else and then you pay for it everything else and then you pay for it everything else and then you pay for it basically as soon as BTC even flinches. basically as soon as BTC even flinches. basically as soon as BTC even flinches. That said, a bunch of shit's been That said, a bunch of shit's been That said, a bunch of shit's been different on the altcoin side this cycle different on the altcoin side this cycle different on the altcoin side this cycle around. I had a tweet about it talking around. I had a tweet about it talking around. I had a tweet about it talking about I mean things we've covered on about I mean things we've covered on about I mean things we've covered on this show like the native pool of buyers this show like the native pool of buyers this show like the native pool of buyers used to be ones that would like roll used to be ones that would like roll used to be ones that would like roll their profits into other things and so their profits into other things and so their profits into other things and so there'd be like a wealth effect velocity there'd be like a wealth effect velocity there'd be like a wealth effect velocity of money etc from BTC going up. Uh but of money etc from BTC going up. Uh but of money etc from BTC going up. Uh but now it's just like leveraged BTC now it's just like leveraged BTC now it's just like leveraged BTC gambling companies and ETFs some gambling companies and ETFs some gambling companies and ETFs some directional some just farming the basis directional some just farming the basis directional some just farming the basis trade. Uh and then that you know there's trade. Uh and then that you know there's trade. Uh and then that you know there's no trickle down economics or at least no trickle down economics or at least no trickle down economics or at least the the tap is much weaker uh than it the the tap is much weaker uh than it the the tap is much weaker uh than it was in the past. So we'll see. I mean, was in the past. So we'll see. I mean, was in the past. So we'll see. I mean, look, the entire show is basically BTC. look, the entire show is basically BTC. look, the entire show is basically BTC. You either need to get going uh or just You either need to get going uh or just You either need to get going uh or just hold 104K. Anything below 104K, we hold 104K. Anything below 104K, we hold 104K. Anything below 104K, we become unreasonably panicked and start become unreasonably panicked and start become unreasonably panicked and start talking about weekly fractals if you're talking about weekly fractals if you're talking about weekly fractals if you're German. German. German. Yeah. Um, altcoins, hyperlquid. Yeah. Um, altcoins, hyperlquid. Yeah. Um, altcoins, hyperlquid. Yeah. Yeah. That's you you obviously Yeah. Yeah. That's you you obviously Yeah. Yeah. That's you you obviously longed it after I shield it last week, longed it after I shield it last week, longed it after I shield it last week, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I shield right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I shield right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I shield this while while you were gone while this while while you were gone while this while while you were gone while appeared at like what, like $12. It's at appeared at like what, like $12. It's at appeared at like what, like $12. It's at 34 now. 34 now. 34 now. Um, yeah. I mean, that was that was also Um, yeah. I mean, that was that was also Um, yeah. I mean, that was that was also reclaimed. Like I was like the 12 the reclaimed. Like I was like the 12 the reclaimed. Like I was like the 12 the $12 reclaim. This what what I talked $12 reclaim. This what what I talked $12 reclaim. This what what I talked about on the show. Basically, the moment about on the show. Basically, the moment about on the show. Basically, the moment we closed above it, it's like this is a we closed above it, it's like this is a we closed above it, it's like this is a nice reclaim. It's a good chart. Um, and nice reclaim. It's a good chart. Um, and nice reclaim. It's a good chart. Um, and it's still rallying. Has a good it's still rallying. Has a good it's still rallying. Has a good narrative. I don't really see like a narrative. I don't really see like a narrative. I don't really see like a good reason to be bearish this thing. good reason to be bearish this thing. good reason to be bearish this thing. Um, other than the fact that a bunch of Um, other than the fact that a bunch of Um, other than the fact that a bunch of people that are holding this are people that are holding this are people that are holding this are miserable, miserable people, but that miserable, miserable people, but that miserable, miserable people, but that doesn't really have an impact on whether doesn't really have an impact on whether doesn't really have an impact on whether you should hold something or not. Um, you should hold something or not. Um, you should hold something or not. Um, no, it just looks decent. I I don't no, it just looks decent. I I don't no, it just looks decent. I I don't really see a good reason to be bearish. really see a good reason to be bearish. really see a good reason to be bearish. You can make an argument that below $32 You can make an argument that below $32 You can make an argument that below $32 um maybe you get like a temporary um maybe you get like a temporary um maybe you get like a temporary pullback, but as long as $32 holds, pullback, but as long as $32 holds, pullback, but as long as $32 holds, that's a good chart. that's a good chart. that's a good chart. Yeah. And it's like a very clear winner Yeah. And it's like a very clear winner Yeah. And it's like a very clear winner in its category, you know. Yeah. Um and in its category, you know. Yeah. Um and in its category, you know. Yeah. Um and that whole wealth effect mechanism, they that whole wealth effect mechanism, they that whole wealth effect mechanism, they basically hit it out the park. 10 out of basically hit it out the park. 10 out of basically hit it out the park. 10 out of 10. Make your native holders rich, make 10. Make your native holders rich, make 10. Make your native holders rich, make it a good trading experience, and voila, it a good trading experience, and voila, it a good trading experience, and voila, off you go. no dodgy like foundation off you go. no dodgy like foundation off you go. no dodgy like foundation siphoning the actual money and people siphoning the actual money and people siphoning the actual money and people begging for a fee switch or anything, begging for a fee switch or anything, begging for a fee switch or anything, you know, just like straight up, we're you know, just like straight up, we're you know, just like straight up, we're just gonna buy the token and we're going just gonna buy the token and we're going just gonna buy the token and we're going to give you a bunch of tokens and those to give you a bunch of tokens and those to give you a bunch of tokens and those two things together number go up type of two things together number go up type of two things together number go up type of deal. Um the only medium to long-term deal. Um the only medium to long-term deal. Um the only medium to long-term risk I think isn't is less likely to be risk I think isn't is less likely to be risk I think isn't is less likely to be endogenous like within the decentralized endogenous like within the decentralized endogenous like within the decentralized derivatives whatever space. I think it's derivatives whatever space. I think it's derivatives whatever space. I think it's more likely to be exogenous like if per more likely to be exogenous like if per more likely to be exogenous like if per get fully legalized in the US type of get fully legalized in the US type of get fully legalized in the US type of thing and it's like oh like the at least thing and it's like oh like the at least thing and it's like oh like the at least the regulatory arbitrage no KYC angle uh the regulatory arbitrage no KYC angle uh the regulatory arbitrage no KYC angle uh becomes a bit deflated but like whatever becomes a bit deflated but like whatever becomes a bit deflated but like whatever that's like peering way into the future that's like peering way into the future that's like peering way into the future at the moment this is just like a very at the moment this is just like a very at the moment this is just like a very clear both like local category leader as clear both like local category leader as clear both like local category leader as far as uh decks decentralized far as uh decks decentralized far as uh decks decentralized derivatives per decks whatever but also derivatives per decks whatever but also derivatives per decks whatever but also just like within crypto it's a it's a just like within crypto it's a it's a just like within crypto it's a it's a shining star for good reason. Um, yeah. shining star for good reason. Um, yeah. shining star for good reason. Um, yeah. So, I think that's that's worth a lot, So, I think that's that's worth a lot, So, I think that's that's worth a lot, especially with the amount of garbage we especially with the amount of garbage we especially with the amount of garbage we have this time around. It's it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have this time around. It's it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have this time around. It's it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] unbelievable. So, projects that are unbelievable. So, projects that are unbelievable. So, projects that are actually good and are building and have actually good and are building and have actually good and are building and have aligned mechanisms and rewards uh stand aligned mechanisms and rewards uh stand aligned mechanisms and rewards uh stand out like a sore thumb more so than out like a sore thumb more so than out like a sore thumb more so than usual. Uh, usual. Uh, usual. Uh, hyperlid. No, I agree. Like, I mean, hyperlid. No, I agree. Like, I mean, hyperlid. No, I agree. Like, I mean, what are you going to do levels wise? what are you going to do levels wise? what are you going to do levels wise? It's like 32 bucks. Like, if you're It's like 32 bucks. Like, if you're It's like 32 bucks. Like, if you're sideline waiting for a dip, you're sideline waiting for a dip, you're sideline waiting for a dip, you're either paying for momentum with a 32 in either paying for momentum with a 32 in either paying for momentum with a 32 in validation or you're hoping BTC pulls validation or you're hoping BTC pulls validation or you're hoping BTC pulls back and this thing gets dragged down back and this thing gets dragged down back and this thing gets dragged down unreasonably just by correlation. But unreasonably just by correlation. But unreasonably just by correlation. But you had that already. You already had you had that already. You already had you had that already. You already had that. Yeah. I mean, that was the entire that. Yeah. I mean, that was the entire that. Yeah. I mean, that was the entire move down basically. Um, so yeah, those move down basically. Um, so yeah, those move down basically. Um, so yeah, those are usually the options you're dealt are usually the options you're dealt are usually the options you're dealt with. I mean, look, for me at least, with. I mean, look, for me at least, with. I mean, look, for me at least, that's always been the playbook. If I'm that's always been the playbook. If I'm that's always been the playbook. If I'm sidelined on an altcoin that I really sidelined on an altcoin that I really sidelined on an altcoin that I really want some exposure to, I either just want some exposure to, I either just want some exposure to, I either just like clench my teeth and pay the premium like clench my teeth and pay the premium like clench my teeth and pay the premium for it looking for like a nearby low to for it looking for like a nearby low to for it looking for like a nearby low to medium time frame invalidation. It's medium time frame invalidation. It's medium time frame invalidation. It's like a stupidity tax. Like you miss like a stupidity tax. Like you miss like a stupidity tax. Like you miss this, so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pay up. And I think this, so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pay up. And I think this, so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pay up. And I think it's a not a bad framework. you know, if it's a not a bad framework. you know, if it's a not a bad framework. you know, if there's a if the trend is strong enough, there's a if the trend is strong enough, there's a if the trend is strong enough, there's enough momentum narrative-wise, there's enough momentum narrative-wise, there's enough momentum narrative-wise, whatever. Sometimes you just have to pay whatever. Sometimes you just have to pay whatever. Sometimes you just have to pay up to get the exposure that you want and up to get the exposure that you want and up to get the exposure that you want and pay for the sins of not being smart pay for the sins of not being smart pay for the sins of not being smart enough earlier. Uh, but your other enough earlier. Uh, but your other enough earlier. Uh, but your other option is to I mean look at BTC and make option is to I mean look at BTC and make option is to I mean look at BTC and make an assessment of how likely is it to an assessment of how likely is it to an assessment of how likely is it to pull back and how likely is the thing pull back and how likely is the thing pull back and how likely is the thing that you want to buy to be correlated that you want to buy to be correlated that you want to buy to be correlated and you know react to that downside and you know react to that downside and you know react to that downside move. I think the second part is like move. I think the second part is like move. I think the second part is like almost always like it just happens. It almost always like it just happens. It almost always like it just happens. It might not be as deep as you like, you might not be as deep as you like, you might not be as deep as you like, you know, like if BTC pulls back 2%, you you know, like if BTC pulls back 2%, you you know, like if BTC pulls back 2%, you you know, if you place your bids like 10% know, if you place your bids like 10% know, if you place your bids like 10% lower, you might not get it, but just in lower, you might not get it, but just in lower, you might not get it, but just in general, like correlations dragging general, like correlations dragging general, like correlations dragging things down a little bit and giving you things down a little bit and giving you things down a little bit and giving you some semblance of an entry instead of some semblance of an entry instead of some semblance of an entry instead of buying the green candle, you can buying the green candle, you can buying the green candle, you can actually buy a red one. Uh relying on actually buy a red one. Uh relying on actually buy a red one. Uh relying on BTC to force that pullback is this kind BTC to force that pullback is this kind BTC to force that pullback is this kind of works as an entry technique. And I of works as an entry technique. And I of works as an entry technique. And I think it works for both ends of the think it works for both ends of the think it works for both ends of the trade generally speaking. like you look trade generally speaking. like you look trade generally speaking. like you look for an entry when BTC is weak uh and for an entry when BTC is weak uh and for an entry when BTC is weak uh and then you kind of write and you actually then you kind of write and you actually then you kind of write and you actually like execute when you think BTC is like execute when you think BTC is like execute when you think BTC is bottomed realistically. Yeah. Um the bottomed realistically. Yeah. Um the bottomed realistically. Yeah. Um the difficult part is obviously a question difficult part is obviously a question difficult part is obviously a question of scale like if you get the calculation of scale like if you get the calculation of scale like if you get the calculation wrong as mentioned earlier where oh BTC wrong as mentioned earlier where oh BTC wrong as mentioned earlier where oh BTC is pulling back I think it's going to is pulling back I think it's going to is pulling back I think it's going to pull back to this level and therefore pull back to this level and therefore pull back to this level and therefore this coin will go roughly to this level. this coin will go roughly to this level. this coin will go roughly to this level. You can get that very wrong if it's much You can get that very wrong if it's much You can get that very wrong if it's much stronger than you think or much weaker stronger than you think or much weaker stronger than you think or much weaker than you think. um you know if they're than you think. um you know if they're than you think. um you know if they're like generally correlated direction-wise like generally correlated direction-wise like generally correlated direction-wise doesn't mean they're correlated one one doesn't mean they're correlated one one doesn't mean they're correlated one one in terms of magnitude like BTC is going in terms of magnitude like BTC is going in terms of magnitude like BTC is going to pull back five therefore this pulls to pull back five therefore this pulls to pull back five therefore this pulls back 10 or one to whatever ratio you back 10 or one to whatever ratio you back 10 or one to whatever ratio you have is likely to be wrong so that's have is likely to be wrong so that's have is likely to be wrong so that's really the tricky part but I think in really the tricky part but I think in really the tricky part but I think in terms of just thinking about an entry to terms of just thinking about an entry to terms of just thinking about an entry to stuff you want to own if you want to use stuff you want to own if you want to use stuff you want to own if you want to use BTC to do it you kind of just hope that BTC to do it you kind of just hope that BTC to do it you kind of just hope that there's some correlation between red there's some correlation between red there's some correlation between red candles on BTC and red candles on this candles on BTC and red candles on this candles on BTC and red candles on this thing and then you just don't get too thing and then you just don't get too thing and then you just don't get too greedy I think at that point um I've greedy I think at that point um I've greedy I think at that point um I've been victim of this behavior I'm sure been victim of this behavior I'm sure been victim of this behavior I'm sure you have as well where you want to get you have as well where you want to get you have as well where you want to get some exposure to an altcoin BTC starts some exposure to an altcoin BTC starts some exposure to an altcoin BTC starts pulling back and then you the bids are pulling back and then you the bids are pulling back and then you the bids are just too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] far you know uh and just too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] far you know uh and just too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] far you know uh and whether that's a product of the relative whether that's a product of the relative whether that's a product of the relative strength being way more impressive than strength being way more impressive than strength being way more impressive than you think or BTC sort of bottoming out you think or BTC sort of bottoming out you think or BTC sort of bottoming out bottoming out earlier you kind of just bottoming out earlier you kind of just bottoming out earlier you kind of just still feel like an idiot if you miss it still feel like an idiot if you miss it still feel like an idiot if you miss it cuz now the pullback's there but you cuz now the pullback's there but you cuz now the pullback's there but you were too greedy either on the BTC front were too greedy either on the BTC front were too greedy either on the BTC front or in terms of how much you thought that or in terms of how much you thought that or in terms of how much you thought that would spill over to the altcoin um so I would spill over to the altcoin um so I would spill over to the altcoin um so I think you need to be almost a bit more think you need to be almost a bit more think you need to be almost a bit more entry insensitive if you're taking those entry insensitive if you're taking those entry insensitive if you're taking those kind of corl correlation pullback trades kind of corl correlation pullback trades kind of corl correlation pullback trades uh because the underlying goal is to get uh because the underlying goal is to get uh because the underlying goal is to get a piece of this. You're already being a piece of this. You're already being a piece of this. You're already being offered a gift in the form of a pullback offered a gift in the form of a pullback offered a gift in the form of a pullback trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ICT snipe the whole trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ICT snipe the whole trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ICT snipe the whole thing. Um is why you're in that position thing. Um is why you're in that position thing. Um is why you're in that position in the first place probably. Yeah, in the first place probably. Yeah, in the first place probably. Yeah, generally I'm I'm always confused when generally I'm I'm always confused when generally I'm I'm always confused when because most people actually like stuff because most people actually like stuff because most people actually like stuff or dislike stuff, right? Like I look at or dislike stuff, right? Like I look at or dislike stuff, right? Like I look at this stuff and I'm like whatever. I this stuff and I'm like whatever. I this stuff and I'm like whatever. I don't care if it goes up it goes up. But don't care if it goes up it goes up. But don't care if it goes up it goes up. But but like most people in the market, they but like most people in the market, they but like most people in the market, they they have like an opinion about like they have like an opinion about like they have like an opinion about like whether something is good or not and whether something is good or not and whether something is good or not and they want to own it and then they're they want to own it and then they're they want to own it and then they're like, "Oh, I want the the optimal like, "Oh, I want the the optimal like, "Oh, I want the the optimal entry." And I'm like, that's that's entry." And I'm like, that's that's entry." And I'm like, that's that's that's what I'm supposed to be doing, that's what I'm supposed to be doing, that's what I'm supposed to be doing, right? Like I'm the the person that's right? Like I'm the the person that's right? Like I'm the the person that's that doesn't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and if I that doesn't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and if I that doesn't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and if I missed the trade, I could not care less, missed the trade, I could not care less, missed the trade, I could not care less, right? But if you're actually a person right? But if you're actually a person right? But if you're actually a person that likes something, just buy the damn that likes something, just buy the damn that likes something, just buy the damn thing. Like what's the problem? Like thing. Like what's the problem? Like thing. Like what's the problem? Like maybe buy less, right? like buy a little maybe buy less, right? like buy a little maybe buy less, right? like buy a little bit and then you can still like if it bit and then you can still like if it bit and then you can still like if it giga dips you can just buy more. Um but giga dips you can just buy more. Um but giga dips you can just buy more. Um but like I never I never really get that like I never I never really get that like I never I never really get that whole argument where people really like whole argument where people really like whole argument where people really like uh a coin or like a project and they uh a coin or like a project and they uh a coin or like a project and they really want to own it but then they have really want to own it but then they have really want to own it but then they have to have the pico low. Um, I think that's to have the pico low. Um, I think that's to have the pico low. Um, I think that's a really bad bad frame of mind because a really bad bad frame of mind because a really bad bad frame of mind because basically it's going to make you uh clip basically it's going to make you uh clip basically it's going to make you uh clip the top. Um, because you're never going the top. Um, because you're never going the top. Um, because you're never going to get the entry that you actually want to get the entry that you actually want to get the entry that you actually want and then you're going to sit on the and then you're going to sit on the and then you're going to sit on the sidelines waiting for it still because sidelines waiting for it still because sidelines waiting for it still because you're like, "Ah, I could have bought you're like, "Ah, I could have bought you're like, "Ah, I could have bought this cheaper and then at some point you this cheaper and then at some point you this cheaper and then at some point you capitulate because you like it so much capitulate because you like it so much capitulate because you like it so much and then it's actually just the top." I and then it's actually just the top." I and then it's actually just the top." I think it's a bad way to look at it. think it's a bad way to look at it. think it's a bad way to look at it. you're either completely uh insensitive you're either completely uh insensitive you're either completely uh insensitive to it and you really don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to it and you really don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to it and you really don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Uh and then you can just only take the Uh and then you can just only take the Uh and then you can just only take the perfect entries and then just leave it perfect entries and then just leave it perfect entries and then just leave it alone if you don't get that. Um which I alone if you don't get that. Um which I alone if you don't get that. Um which I would categorize myself as in that C would categorize myself as in that C would categorize myself as in that C category. I I really don't care. Um if category. I I really don't care. Um if category. I I really don't care. Um if if I miss a trade, I for me there's if I miss a trade, I for me there's if I miss a trade, I for me there's always another one. Um, or you actually always another one. Um, or you actually always another one. Um, or you actually like something and you actually think like something and you actually think like something and you actually think something is going to go up and then you something is going to go up and then you something is going to go up and then you just buy a little bit if you if you're a just buy a little bit if you if you're a just buy a little bit if you if you're a little bit risk averse and buy more if little bit risk averse and buy more if little bit risk averse and buy more if it goes lower or buy by buy more if it it goes lower or buy by buy more if it it goes lower or buy by buy more if it confirms higher. But I generally think confirms higher. But I generally think confirms higher. But I generally think just owning something that you like just owning something that you like just owning something that you like should be self-explanatory, right? Like should be self-explanatory, right? Like should be self-explanatory, right? Like you you like the thing, you buy the you you like the thing, you buy the you you like the thing, you buy the thing. It's pretty easy. Yeah. I think thing. It's pretty easy. Yeah. I think thing. It's pretty easy. Yeah. I think honestly that's been historically one of honestly that's been historically one of honestly that's been historically one of my biggest pitfalls and the one I've my biggest pitfalls and the one I've my biggest pitfalls and the one I've been slowest to learn from. It's being been slowest to learn from. It's being been slowest to learn from. It's being able to code switch between trader brain able to code switch between trader brain able to code switch between trader brain and I want some exposure to this thing and I want some exposure to this thing and I want some exposure to this thing brain and it's really difficult brain and it's really difficult brain and it's really difficult especially if you're like conditioned on especially if you're like conditioned on especially if you're like conditioned on the trader side. Uh you end up in this the trader side. Uh you end up in this the trader side. Uh you end up in this like paradoxical position where you like paradoxical position where you like paradoxical position where you really want exposure to something so you really want exposure to something so you really want exposure to something so you should just buy it as you said but then should just buy it as you said but then should just buy it as you said but then your trader brain just like won't let your trader brain just like won't let your trader brain just like won't let you and you're there waiting for a you and you're there waiting for a you and you're there waiting for a setup. you think this thing is going to setup. you think this thing is going to setup. you think this thing is going to go up for like weeks and months and go up for like weeks and months and go up for like weeks and months and you're there on the five minute trying you're there on the five minute trying you're there on the five minute trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snipe it and get a precise to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snipe it and get a precise to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snipe it and get a precise entry at like one price uh versus just entry at like one price uh versus just entry at like one price uh versus just scaling in. And I think that's happened scaling in. And I think that's happened scaling in. And I think that's happened to a ton of people. I I I used to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to a ton of people. I I I used to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to a ton of people. I I I used to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. I mean, I still do this up. I mean, I still do this up. I mean, I still do periodically, but certainly in the past, periodically, but certainly in the past, periodically, but certainly in the past, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up all the time with like I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up all the time with like I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up all the time with like even high time frame BTC swing trade even high time frame BTC swing trade even high time frame BTC swing trade ideas where I was like, "Oh, I think ideas where I was like, "Oh, I think ideas where I was like, "Oh, I think this is going to like double to the this is going to like double to the this is going to like double to the other side of the range or something, other side of the range or something, other side of the range or something, right?" Or like, oh, you know, there's right?" Or like, oh, you know, there's right?" Or like, oh, you know, there's like big high time frame moves. And so, like big high time frame moves. And so, like big high time frame moves. And so, the expected move is say 100%. Or 50%. the expected move is say 100%. Or 50%. the expected move is say 100%. Or 50%. But then my entry has to be within like But then my entry has to be within like But then my entry has to be within like a, you know, 1% margin of error of a, you know, 1% margin of error of a, you know, 1% margin of error of precision. Otherwise, there's no entry precision. Otherwise, there's no entry precision. Otherwise, there's no entry at all. Which is absurd, right? Because at all. Which is absurd, right? Because at all. Which is absurd, right? Because if you were to frame it differently and if you were to frame it differently and if you were to frame it differently and say, "Would you do you think it's wise say, "Would you do you think it's wise say, "Would you do you think it's wise to miss out on a 50% move for a 1% to miss out on a 50% move for a 1% to miss out on a 50% move for a 1% better entry?" Any re any sane and better entry?" Any re any sane and better entry?" Any re any sane and reasonable person would say no. That's reasonable person would say no. That's reasonable person would say no. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. But the dumbest thing I've ever heard. But the dumbest thing I've ever heard. But that's exactly what you end up doing or that's exactly what you end up doing or that's exactly what you end up doing or I ended up doing uh when you start I ended up doing uh when you start I ended up doing uh when you start trading around your kind of high trading around your kind of high trading around your kind of high conviction investments. Um and and it's conviction investments. Um and and it's conviction investments. Um and and it's difficult, but I think the best and difficult, but I think the best and difficult, but I think the best and maybe only way to get around it is just maybe only way to get around it is just maybe only way to get around it is just to have two modes. One is like the to have two modes. One is like the to have two modes. One is like the autistic skitso crypto Twitter trader autistic skitso crypto Twitter trader autistic skitso crypto Twitter trader mode where you're like, "Oh, there is a mode where you're like, "Oh, there is a mode where you're like, "Oh, there is a distortion created by a price distortion created by a price distortion created by a price insensitive buyer or seller that has insensitive buyer or seller that has insensitive buyer or seller that has massively repriced the fair value of massively repriced the fair value of massively repriced the fair value of this thing and I will now action on this this thing and I will now action on this this thing and I will now action on this dis distortion in accordance with my dis distortion in accordance with my dis distortion in accordance with my predetermined trading principles." You predetermined trading principles." You predetermined trading principles." You know, you just Why did you sound all know, you just Why did you sound all know, you just Why did you sound all German all of a sudden? German all of a sudden? German all of a sudden? Um, and like you know, you turn on that Um, and like you know, you turn on that Um, and like you know, you turn on that guy and he does the the trading for you. guy and he does the the trading for you. guy and he does the the trading for you. But I think guy number two is like the But I think guy number two is like the But I think guy number two is like the polar opposite of him. He's like the polar opposite of him. He's like the polar opposite of him. He's like the super chill like, "Oh yeah, I think this super chill like, "Oh yeah, I think this super chill like, "Oh yeah, I think this thing's going to go up. I'm pretty thing's going to go up. I'm pretty thing's going to go up. I'm pretty bullish. I'll buy some. I'll scale in. bullish. I'll buy some. I'll scale in. bullish. I'll buy some. I'll scale in. I'll do whatever. I just want a piece of I'll do whatever. I just want a piece of I'll do whatever. I just want a piece of it in my portfolio for peace of mind." it in my portfolio for peace of mind." it in my portfolio for peace of mind." And I think having those two archetypes And I think having those two archetypes And I think having those two archetypes that you can switch between as long as that you can switch between as long as that you can switch between as long as you do it judiciously. Um, and you you you do it judiciously. Um, and you you you do it judiciously. Um, and you you let that kind of live through the let that kind of live through the let that kind of live through the through the entire lifespan of the through the entire lifespan of the through the entire lifespan of the trade. I think that's way better than trade. I think that's way better than trade. I think that's way better than mixing and matching all like diddling in mixing and matching all like diddling in mixing and matching all like diddling in the middle where you really want the middle where you really want the middle where you really want exposure but you're like half trading exposure but you're like half trading exposure but you're like half trading around it or you start trading around it around it or you start trading around it around it or you start trading around it and then you become an investor and kind and then you become an investor and kind and then you become an investor and kind of loosen up your risk parameters like of loosen up your risk parameters like of loosen up your risk parameters like oh no don't worry I'm working an area oh no don't worry I'm working an area oh no don't worry I'm working an area meanwhile you're like 1% away from meanwhile you're like 1% away from meanwhile you're like 1% away from liquidation. I feel like that's just liquidation. I feel like that's just liquidation. I feel like that's just where a lot of traders in terms of the where a lot of traders in terms of the where a lot of traders in terms of the lifetime P&amp;L go to die where either they lifetime P&amp;L go to die where either they lifetime P&amp;L go to die where either they don't have those clearly defined don't have those clearly defined don't have those clearly defined archetypes of I'm either really trading archetypes of I'm either really trading archetypes of I'm either really trading this thing really carefully or I want this thing really carefully or I want this thing really carefully or I want exposure to this sector industry and I exposure to this sector industry and I exposure to this sector industry and I want to go up like a lot of the stuff in want to go up like a lot of the stuff in want to go up like a lot of the stuff in between is super messy and if you fall between is super messy and if you fall between is super messy and if you fall there then you end up with the worst of there then you end up with the worst of there then you end up with the worst of both worlds. your entries when you're both worlds. your entries when you're both worlds. your entries when you're trading and trade management end up trading and trade management end up trading and trade management end up being sloppy with round trips and then being sloppy with round trips and then being sloppy with round trips and then your investments you essentially miss your investments you essentially miss your investments you essentially miss out on a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or mismanage them out on a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or mismanage them out on a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or mismanage them because you turn on your trader brain at because you turn on your trader brain at because you turn on your trader brain at the wrong time. So the middle there the wrong time. So the middle there the wrong time. So the middle there sucks but also mechanistically like sucks but also mechanistically like sucks but also mechanistically like switching between those two is also switching between those two is also switching between those two is also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying and terrible. Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying and terrible. Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying and terrible. Like turning from trader to investor during turning from trader to investor during turning from trader to investor during the life course of the trade or from the life course of the trade or from the life course of the trade or from investor to trader during the life investor to trader during the life investor to trader during the life course of the trade that tends to not course of the trade that tends to not course of the trade that tends to not work super well. Like if I could go back work super well. Like if I could go back work super well. Like if I could go back in time, that'd probably be one of the in time, that'd probably be one of the in time, that'd probably be one of the main things I would tell my past self. main things I would tell my past self. main things I would tell my past self. Like listen, uh be a h have clear Like listen, uh be a h have clear Like listen, uh be a h have clear guidelines for when you're doing this guidelines for when you're doing this guidelines for when you're doing this like skitso trading stuff versus when like skitso trading stuff versus when like skitso trading stuff versus when you just have like ideas and kind of you just have like ideas and kind of you just have like ideas and kind of investments and want exposures to a investments and want exposures to a investments and want exposures to a sector. And don't let those two guys sector. And don't let those two guys sector. And don't let those two guys meet each other basically. meet each other basically. meet each other basically. Yeah, well said. Yeah, well said. Yeah, well said. Have you had experience with that? Do Have you had experience with that? Do Have you had experience with that? Do you manage that? Have you felt that you manage that? Have you felt that you manage that? Have you felt that tension before? Have you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up tension before? Have you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up tension before? Have you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up trades from being on one side or the trades from being on one side or the trades from being on one side or the other side or in the middle? Yeah, I other side or in the middle? Yeah, I other side or in the middle? Yeah, I have. I I mean I genu I mean my ETH have. I I mean I genu I mean my ETH have. I I mean I genu I mean my ETH trade is a good example, good recent trade is a good example, good recent trade is a good example, good recent example. I mean I took an ET trade. I example. I mean I took an ET trade. I example. I mean I took an ET trade. I was like I think this going to go up and was like I think this going to go up and was like I think this going to go up and then it went up and I was like I then it went up and I was like I then it went up and I was like I actually like this. I'll just keep it. actually like this. I'll just keep it. actually like this. I'll just keep it. And I got invalidation for my trades And I got invalidation for my trades And I got invalidation for my trades like a bunch of invalidations. And I was like a bunch of invalidations. And I was like a bunch of invalidations. And I was like ah I just whatever it's like it's like ah I just whatever it's like it's like ah I just whatever it's like it's an investment sort of thing now. And an investment sort of thing now. And an investment sort of thing now. And then it nuked and nuked and nuked. Now then it nuked and nuked and nuked. Now then it nuked and nuked and nuked. Now it's down 50%. So, it's down 50%. So, it's down 50%. So, um I mean now it's back to break um I mean now it's back to break um I mean now it's back to break evenish. Yeah, that makes it okay. No evenish. Yeah, that makes it okay. No evenish. Yeah, that makes it okay. No mistakes were made. But like from a mistakes were made. But like from a mistakes were made. But like from a trade perspective, and this was supposed trade perspective, and this was supposed trade perspective, and this was supposed to be a trade at first, uh that was to be a trade at first, uh that was to be a trade at first, uh that was terrible, right? Like you you don't want terrible, right? Like you you don't want terrible, right? Like you you don't want to sit through 50% draw down. Uh in the to sit through 50% draw down. Uh in the to sit through 50% draw down. Uh in the end, it's fine for me, but like that end, it's fine for me, but like that end, it's fine for me, but like that kind of like Yeah, you got to be careful kind of like Yeah, you got to be careful kind of like Yeah, you got to be careful when you when you're turning stuff um when you when you're turning stuff um when you when you're turning stuff um into Yes. into something that it's not. into Yes. into something that it's not. into Yes. into something that it's not. Um, and if you flip-flop on it Um, and if you flip-flop on it Um, and if you flip-flop on it afterwards too, like imagine I sold afterwards too, like imagine I sold afterwards too, like imagine I sold because at some point I'm like, "Ah, because at some point I'm like, "Ah, because at some point I'm like, "Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is like this was dumb. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is like this was dumb. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is like this was dumb. This was a dumb idea." And then I sold it. was a dumb idea." And then I sold it. was a dumb idea." And then I sold it. Um, because I went back from from Um, because I went back from from Um, because I went back from from investor to the trader side of things. investor to the trader side of things. investor to the trader side of things. Uh, that's the worst of all the worlds, Uh, that's the worst of all the worlds, Uh, that's the worst of all the worlds, right? So, you got to be you got to right? So, you got to be you got to right? So, you got to be you got to stick with with kind of like what you stick with with kind of like what you stick with with kind of like what you want to do from the get-go. That's the want to do from the get-go. That's the want to do from the get-go. That's the best case scenario. But flip-flopping best case scenario. But flip-flopping best case scenario. But flip-flopping between the two is the worst case between the two is the worst case between the two is the worst case scenario. Yeah. Like that's the worst scenario. Yeah. Like that's the worst scenario. Yeah. Like that's the worst thing you can do. That's actually thing you can do. That's actually thing you can do. That's actually something I see a lot of people doing. something I see a lot of people doing. something I see a lot of people doing. Oh, 100%. Um the trade goes wrong and Oh, 100%. Um the trade goes wrong and Oh, 100%. Um the trade goes wrong and they start being investors and then it they start being investors and then it they start being investors and then it goes horribly wrong and then they turn goes horribly wrong and then they turn goes horribly wrong and then they turn back into traders being like, "Ah, I can back into traders being like, "Ah, I can back into traders being like, "Ah, I can like if I sell now, I think it's going like if I sell now, I think it's going like if I sell now, I think it's going to go down 20% more and then I can buy to go down 20% more and then I can buy to go down 20% more and then I can buy even more and it's going to be a good even more and it's going to be a good even more and it's going to be a good trade." Yeah. and then you sell the trade." Yeah. and then you sell the trade." Yeah. and then you sell the bottom this thing rallies and like the bottom this thing rallies and like the bottom this thing rallies and like the flip-flopping is the worst but generally flip-flopping is the worst but generally flip-flopping is the worst but generally should just avoid having that should just avoid having that should just avoid having that altogether. Um, for sure. I mean, the altogether. Um, for sure. I mean, the altogether. Um, for sure. I mean, the issue is like the flip-flopping [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] issue is like the flip-flopping [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] issue is like the flip-flopping [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you no matter whether the trade starts you no matter whether the trade starts you no matter whether the trade starts to go poorly as you described or even to go poorly as you described or even to go poorly as you described or even when it goes well, it can screw you when it goes well, it can screw you when it goes well, it can screw you over, right? Like you can imagine you over, right? Like you can imagine you over, right? Like you can imagine you take an investment and it starts going take an investment and it starts going take an investment and it starts going well and then you turn on your trader well and then you turn on your trader well and then you turn on your trader brain and you see like a 1 hour level of brain and you see like a 1 hour level of brain and you see like a 1 hour level of resistance with a 0.5% pullback. You're resistance with a 0.5% pullback. You're resistance with a 0.5% pullback. You're like, "Oh, okay. I'm going to sell this like, "Oh, okay. I'm going to sell this like, "Oh, okay. I'm going to sell this and I'll just like reby the confirmation and I'll just like reby the confirmation and I'll just like reby the confirmation or I'll add back up add back in on a or I'll add back up add back in on a or I'll add back up add back in on a higher low or something." You just end higher low or something." You just end higher low or something." You just end up trading yourself out of a up trading yourself out of a up trading yourself out of a fundamentally good position. And then if fundamentally good position. And then if fundamentally good position. And then if you were to look on the weekly chart you were to look on the weekly chart you were to look on the weekly chart like nothing is visible, nothing changed like nothing is visible, nothing changed like nothing is visible, nothing changed whatsoever. Uh but because you you went whatsoever. Uh but because you you went whatsoever. Uh but because you you went trader mode on a tra on an investment trader mode on a tra on an investment trader mode on a tra on an investment that was going well. You end up chopping that was going well. You end up chopping that was going well. You end up chopping yourself out of the position. And it yourself out of the position. And it yourself out of the position. And it works the other way around too. Like you works the other way around too. Like you works the other way around too. Like you enter something as trader mode, it works enter something as trader mode, it works enter something as trader mode, it works in your favor maybe pretty quickly and in your favor maybe pretty quickly and in your favor maybe pretty quickly and you're like, "Hey, you know what? This you're like, "Hey, you know what? This you're like, "Hey, you know what? This is actually I'm actually really smart. is actually I'm actually really smart. is actually I'm actually really smart. This is a this is a fantastic trade. This is a this is a fantastic trade. This is a this is a fantastic trade. It's fantastic idea. Uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my targets. It's fantastic idea. Uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my targets. It's fantastic idea. Uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my targets. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my resistance levels. I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my resistance levels. I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my resistance levels. I'm just going to hold this thing and let it going to hold this thing and let it going to hold this thing and let it run." And then what ends up happening is run." And then what ends up happening is run." And then what ends up happening is that the trader version of you was that the trader version of you was that the trader version of you was right. Uh and you end up roundt tripping right. Uh and you end up roundt tripping right. Uh and you end up roundt tripping the position because you afforded it the position because you afforded it the position because you afforded it more uh you gave it more room or more uh you gave it more room or more uh you gave it more room or whatever than than you should have. So whatever than than you should have. So whatever than than you should have. So that's the thing about flip-flopping. If that's the thing about flip-flopping. If that's the thing about flip-flopping. If you're wrong, it screws you over you're wrong, it screws you over you're wrong, it screws you over additionally. If you're right, it can additionally. If you're right, it can additionally. If you're right, it can also screw you over additionally that also screw you over additionally that also screw you over additionally that there's almost no tangible intelligible there's almost no tangible intelligible there's almost no tangible intelligible benefit to flip-flopping like that. benefit to flip-flopping like that. benefit to flip-flopping like that. Aside from like at the extremely Aside from like at the extremely Aside from like at the extremely advanced nuanced levels where you can advanced nuanced levels where you can advanced nuanced levels where you can make that assessment on the fly in terms make that assessment on the fly in terms make that assessment on the fly in terms of, oh, I actually miscalculate, you of, oh, I actually miscalculate, you of, oh, I actually miscalculate, you know, I'm I'm much more right about this know, I'm I'm much more right about this know, I'm I'm much more right about this than I thought and I'm going to adjust. than I thought and I'm going to adjust. than I thought and I'm going to adjust. But like that's really hard and I still But like that's really hard and I still But like that's really hard and I still think most of the time it it's not the think most of the time it it's not the think most of the time it it's not the starting point by any means. Like that's starting point by any means. Like that's starting point by any means. Like that's something I still stuck at and you know something I still stuck at and you know something I still stuck at and you know been trading for eight years or been trading for eight years or been trading for eight years or whatever. I'd be better off if I just whatever. I'd be better off if I just whatever. I'd be better off if I just stuck to those two archetypes instead of stuck to those two archetypes instead of stuck to those two archetypes instead of thinking I'm smart enough to flip-flop thinking I'm smart enough to flip-flop thinking I'm smart enough to flip-flop or whatever. Yeah. The moment you start or whatever. Yeah. The moment you start or whatever. Yeah. The moment you start thinking you're too smart to Yeah, thinking you're too smart to Yeah, thinking you're too smart to Yeah, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, especially with us, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, especially with us, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, especially with us, dude. Like good luck finding dumber dude. Like good luck finding dumber dude. Like good luck finding dumber people. But yeah, uh that's that I think people. But yeah, uh that's that I think people. But yeah, uh that's that I think is that I think is super useful and is that I think is super useful and is that I think is super useful and maybe it resonates with someone, maybe maybe it resonates with someone, maybe maybe it resonates with someone, maybe it doesn't. But having that clear it doesn't. But having that clear it doesn't. But having that clear separation is really really valuable and separation is really really valuable and separation is really really valuable and important. And there are ways to kind of important. And there are ways to kind of important. And there are ways to kind of hack about it, right? Like you could hack about it, right? Like you could hack about it, right? Like you could have a completely separate investment have a completely separate investment have a completely separate investment account on an exchange and it has its account on an exchange and it has its account on an exchange and it has its own rules, guidelines, rebalancing own rules, guidelines, rebalancing own rules, guidelines, rebalancing quotas, whatever. Uh, and you just kind quotas, whatever. Uh, and you just kind quotas, whatever. Uh, and you just kind of don't look at it or only look at it of don't look at it or only look at it of don't look at it or only look at it through the lens that you've described through the lens that you've described through the lens that you've described in advance. And then you have a trading in advance. And then you have a trading in advance. And then you have a trading account where you do all the dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] account where you do all the dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] account where you do all the dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But what you're trying to avoid is But what you're trying to avoid is But what you're trying to avoid is contagion between the two. And I think contagion between the two. And I think contagion between the two. And I think in many cases people will use like one in many cases people will use like one in many cases people will use like one or two venues and they do all their or two venues and they do all their or two venues and they do all their activity on them. Uh that makes it so activity on them. Uh that makes it so activity on them. Uh that makes it so much easier to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. Like if it's much easier to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. Like if it's much easier to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. Like if it's somewhere else on another account somewhere else on another account somewhere else on another account segregated away, you don't have the segregated away, you don't have the segregated away, you don't have the leverage on, you don't have all the leverage on, you don't have all the leverage on, you don't have all the other positions running. I think you you other positions running. I think you you other positions running. I think you you increase your odds for success because increase your odds for success because increase your odds for success because there's sort of a process attached to there's sort of a process attached to there's sort of a process attached to the two different approaches and there's the two different approaches and there's the two different approaches and there's some real separation. Whereas if you're some real separation. Whereas if you're some real separation. Whereas if you're just pumping it all in one place on one just pumping it all in one place on one just pumping it all in one place on one account, uh that makes it really easy to account, uh that makes it really easy to account, uh that makes it really easy to spill over from trader to investor and spill over from trader to investor and spill over from trader to investor and vice versa. So I think in terms of stuff vice versa. So I think in terms of stuff vice versa. So I think in terms of stuff that's that I really truly believe is that's that I really truly believe is that's that I really truly believe is actually useful um would be coming up actually useful um would be coming up actually useful um would be coming up with a framework for like what does it with a framework for like what does it with a framework for like what does it mean to be an investor in this space and mean to be an investor in this space and mean to be an investor in this space and like what what are the how do I approach like what what are the how do I approach like what what are the how do I approach asset selection, rebalancing, frequency, asset selection, rebalancing, frequency, asset selection, rebalancing, frequency, position sizing, risk management. You position sizing, risk management. You position sizing, risk management. You kind of go through the normal sort of kind of go through the normal sort of kind of go through the normal sort of trading system approach and you set that trading system approach and you set that trading system approach and you set that up on another account or another up on another account or another up on another account or another exchange and you just run that process exchange and you just run that process exchange and you just run that process autonomously there. And then you do the autonomously there. And then you do the autonomously there. And then you do the same for trading where you're much more same for trading where you're much more same for trading where you're much more uh you know particular and precise with uh you know particular and precise with uh you know particular and precise with it as far as how you define your edge, it as far as how you define your edge, it as far as how you define your edge, how how you trade, your holding periods, how how you trade, your holding periods, how how you trade, your holding periods, etc. Uh and in a similar vein, you you etc. Uh and in a similar vein, you you etc. Uh and in a similar vein, you you do that somewhere else and you keep the do that somewhere else and you keep the do that somewhere else and you keep the two separate and then you should be able two separate and then you should be able two separate and then you should be able to at any time you want to put on or to at any time you want to put on or to at any time you want to put on or take off and it will do anything in the take off and it will do anything in the take off and it will do anything in the market. You should be able to very market. You should be able to very market. You should be able to very clearly consult one of these things and clearly consult one of these things and clearly consult one of these things and know exactly uh which one is appropriate know exactly uh which one is appropriate know exactly uh which one is appropriate and which one you're doing. And if you and which one you're doing. And if you and which one you're doing. And if you find yourself being like, "Oh, it's a find yourself being like, "Oh, it's a find yourself being like, "Oh, it's a bit of this and a bit of that." You bit of this and a bit of that." You bit of this and a bit of that." You should probably skip it or just make a should probably skip it or just make a should probably skip it or just make a choice as to whether to treat it as a choice as to whether to treat it as a choice as to whether to treat it as a trade or as an investment. I I've [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trade or as an investment. I I've [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trade or as an investment. I I've [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up so many times and still do to this up so many times and still do to this up so many times and still do to this day because it's so tempting. I this day because it's so tempting. I this day because it's so tempting. I feel like experience here can actually feel like experience here can actually feel like experience here can actually hamper you a little bit as well because hamper you a little bit as well because hamper you a little bit as well because you're like, "Oh, like I'm good enough." you're like, "Oh, like I'm good enough." you're like, "Oh, like I'm good enough." Yeah, I'm good enough. I can trade, you Yeah, I'm good enough. I can trade, you Yeah, I'm good enough. I can trade, you know, like I can trade around my know, like I can trade around my know, like I can trade around my investments or whatever. Um, and but you investments or whatever. Um, and but you investments or whatever. Um, and but you you you can, but you can't or you should you you can, but you can't or you should you you can, but you can't or you should you should think that you can even if you should think that you can even if you should think that you can even if you can. Um, anyway, that that was I you can. Um, anyway, that that was I you can. Um, anyway, that that was I know it's a very long ranty section, but know it's a very long ranty section, but know it's a very long ranty section, but uh genuinely think it's one of the more uh genuinely think it's one of the more uh genuinely think it's one of the more useful pieces of advice in the space, useful pieces of advice in the space, useful pieces of advice in the space, especially after eight years. Um, especially after eight years. Um, especially after eight years. Um, altcoins altcoins altcoins Old coins, old coins, old coins. Hot air Old coins, old coins, old coins. Hot air Old coins, old coins, old coins. Hot air has been rising, Don. I mean, has been rising, Don. I mean, has been rising, Don. I mean, unsurprisingly, it's one that I also sh unsurprisingly, it's one that I also sh unsurprisingly, it's one that I also sh I've been shilling stuff. I've not been I've been shilling stuff. I've not been I've been shilling stuff. I've not been buying stuff, but I've been shilling buying stuff, but I've been shilling buying stuff, but I've been shilling stuff really well. Amazing. It's what we stuff really well. Amazing. It's what we stuff really well. Amazing. It's what we specialize in. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, specialize in. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, specialize in. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Fatcoin like on this show at zero 0.35 Fatcoin like on this show at zero 0.35 Fatcoin like on this show at zero 0.35 is just where where I shield this thing. is just where where I shield this thing. is just where where I shield this thing. So, I mean, I'm So, I mean, I'm So, I mean, I'm sorry, I'm just checking our WhatsApp sorry, I'm just checking our WhatsApp sorry, I'm just checking our WhatsApp for messages from you to buy it. for messages from you to buy it. for messages from you to buy it. 0.35 the search is broken. I don't know 0.35 the search is broken. I don't know 0.35 the search is broken. I don't know what's going on. I don't know if I want what's going on. I don't know if I want what's going on. I don't know if I want to put put it on record that like to put put it on record that like to put put it on record that like Fatcoin like in writing that Fcoin at Fatcoin like in writing that Fcoin at Fatcoin like in writing that Fcoin at 0.35 is a good buy. Like I don't want to 0.35 is a good buy. Like I don't want to 0.35 is a good buy. Like I don't want to put that in writing, but uh it was it put that in writing, but uh it was it put that in writing, but uh it was it was Yeah. No, I I generally think um was Yeah. No, I I generally think um was Yeah. No, I I generally think um it's one of if not the best memes that it's one of if not the best memes that it's one of if not the best memes that we have this cycle. So if if memes are we have this cycle. So if if memes are we have this cycle. So if if memes are going to be around, it's going to do going to be around, it's going to do going to be around, it's going to do well. And the fact that we're almost well. And the fact that we're almost well. And the fact that we're almost back at alltime high just validates it back at alltime high just validates it back at alltime high just validates it more like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy and how it more like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy and how it more like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy and how it got here as well. That's that's a trend got here as well. That's that's a trend got here as well. That's that's a trend and a half, you know. Yeah, that's and a half, you know. Yeah, that's and a half, you know. Yeah, that's that's lockout trend on Fcoin. It's that's lockout trend on Fcoin. It's that's lockout trend on Fcoin. It's hilarious. But I mean, it's just hilarious. But I mean, it's just hilarious. But I mean, it's just generally funny in a way. Like we we generally funny in a way. Like we we generally funny in a way. Like we we went from having somewhat funny memes to went from having somewhat funny memes to went from having somewhat funny memes to just like you could tell that everyone just like you could tell that everyone just like you could tell that everyone was just trying really hard to make was just trying really hard to make was just trying really hard to make something funny that wasn't. And Fcoin something funny that wasn't. And Fcoin something funny that wasn't. And Fcoin is quite funny again. Um, it's a bit is quite funny again. Um, it's a bit is quite funny again. Um, it's a bit return to tradition. Uh, I'm I'm not return to tradition. Uh, I'm I'm not return to tradition. Uh, I'm I'm not hating like I I've there's a lot of hating like I I've there's a lot of hating like I I've there's a lot of memes I find really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. This memes I find really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. This memes I find really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. This is one of the ones where I'm like at is one of the ones where I'm like at is one of the ones where I'm like at least it's funny. Um, I generally think least it's funny. Um, I generally think least it's funny. Um, I generally think even even though it's Fcoin, this is even even though it's Fcoin, this is even even though it's Fcoin, this is also going to go to zero, but uh it's also going to go to zero, but uh it's also going to go to zero, but uh it's going to go to zero much slower than a going to go to zero much slower than a going to go to zero much slower than a lot of the other ones and it's probably lot of the other ones and it's probably lot of the other ones and it's probably going to go up before then. going to go up before then. going to go up before then. I mean, it's an outlier in its category. I mean, it's an outlier in its category. I mean, it's an outlier in its category. Um, yeah, for sure. Also, that retest Um, yeah, for sure. Also, that retest Um, yeah, for sure. Also, that retest was very rough. Um, like on the daily, was very rough. Um, like on the daily, was very rough. Um, like on the daily, it actually hasn't made it super easy to it actually hasn't made it super easy to it actually hasn't made it super easy to get entries unless you've been holding. get entries unless you've been holding. get entries unless you've been holding. Like, it was very clean TA wise for a Like, it was very clean TA wise for a Like, it was very clean TA wise for a while, but then these pullbacks have while, but then these pullbacks have while, but then these pullbacks have just been massively undercutting and just been massively undercutting and just been massively undercutting and wicking through the retest levels. Uh, wicking through the retest levels. Uh, wicking through the retest levels. Uh, so that that's been I mean, even on the so that that's been I mean, even on the so that that's been I mean, even on the 4hour, if you look at those 4hour, if you look at those 4hour, if you look at those consolidations, those are not easy. you consolidations, those are not easy. you consolidations, those are not easy. you know, it just kind of grinds you out and know, it just kind of grinds you out and know, it just kind of grinds you out and then you blink and it's higher than it then you blink and it's higher than it then you blink and it's higher than it was. Uh, so there's a bit of a change was. Uh, so there's a bit of a change was. Uh, so there's a bit of a change there, but yeah, like on the weekly, I there, but yeah, like on the weekly, I there, but yeah, like on the weekly, I mean, this is like a really good mean, this is like a really good mean, this is like a really good example. Like imagine if you were the example. Like imagine if you were the example. Like imagine if you were the spot guy who was like, "Yeah, fcoin, spot guy who was like, "Yeah, fcoin, spot guy who was like, "Yeah, fcoin, funny meme." And there's some technical funny meme." And there's some technical funny meme." And there's some technical basis to my idea that, you know, the basis to my idea that, you know, the basis to my idea that, you know, the three 35 cent cluster is good. I'm just three 35 cent cluster is good. I'm just three 35 cent cluster is good. I'm just going to allocate some to this because I going to allocate some to this because I going to allocate some to this because I want meme exposure and then I'll I'll want meme exposure and then I'll I'll want meme exposure and then I'll I'll watch it. Right? Like on the weekly time watch it. Right? Like on the weekly time watch it. Right? Like on the weekly time frame, sure there are some wicks, but frame, sure there are some wicks, but frame, sure there are some wicks, but how many times after that did you really how many times after that did you really how many times after that did you really kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself? no pun intended, kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself? no pun intended, kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself? no pun intended, like not at all. Right? Like every like not at all. Right? Like every like not at all. Right? Like every single candle is green since that point, single candle is green since that point, single candle is green since that point, but then you look on the daily or the 4 but then you look on the daily or the 4 but then you look on the daily or the 4 hour and I can I can find 10 places that hour and I can I can find 10 places that hour and I can I can find 10 places that would have made it difficult from a would have made it difficult from a would have made it difficult from a trading perspective to like hold that trading perspective to like hold that trading perspective to like hold that long. Uh especially if you didn't have long. Uh especially if you didn't have long. Uh especially if you didn't have that that that investment, you know, mandate, if you investment, you know, mandate, if you investment, you know, mandate, if you will, attached to it. Like if I think will, attached to it. Like if I think will, attached to it. Like if I think the the weekly and the every single the the weekly and the every single the the weekly and the every single lower time frame are just like worlds lower time frame are just like worlds lower time frame are just like worlds apart for this chart. Uh, and those red apart for this chart. Uh, and those red apart for this chart. Uh, and those red candles undercutting the range, grindy candles undercutting the range, grindy candles undercutting the range, grindy periods, uh, if you if you're looking at periods, uh, if you if you're looking at periods, uh, if you if you're looking at all of them through a one four hour all of them through a one four hour all of them through a one four hour daily lens, they're tough. If you looked daily lens, they're tough. If you looked daily lens, they're tough. If you looked at the chart every single week, you at the chart every single week, you at the chart every single week, you wouldn't you wouldn't flinch, you know. wouldn't you wouldn't flinch, you know. wouldn't you wouldn't flinch, you know. Um, but yeah, I I don't know this from Um, but yeah, I I don't know this from Um, but yeah, I I don't know this from a in the past. I I kind of mentioned a in the past. I I kind of mentioned a in the past. I I kind of mentioned that this was kind of baby pips style, that this was kind of baby pips style, that this was kind of baby pips style, breakout, retest, whatever. I think breakout, retest, whatever. I think breakout, retest, whatever. I think that's changed a little bit. Uh, it got that's changed a little bit. Uh, it got that's changed a little bit. Uh, it got harder. Um, in terms of right now, harder. Um, in terms of right now, harder. Um, in terms of right now, especially because it's one of those especially because it's one of those especially because it's one of those charts where the breakouts tend recently charts where the breakouts tend recently charts where the breakouts tend recently at least the the last couple, they don't at least the the last couple, they don't at least the the last couple, they don't cleanly retest the breakout level cleanly retest the breakout level cleanly retest the breakout level itself. They actually make their way itself. They actually make their way itself. They actually make their way more towards like the mid-range or the more towards like the mid-range or the more towards like the mid-range or the range low and undercut it sometimes range low and undercut it sometimes range low and undercut it sometimes before continuation. So, I don't think before continuation. So, I don't think before continuation. So, I don't think there's like a simple blueprint that can there's like a simple blueprint that can there's like a simple blueprint that can be applied to this like in a super baby be applied to this like in a super baby be applied to this like in a super baby pip style. Like, you know, a lot of 2021 pip style. Like, you know, a lot of 2021 pip style. Like, you know, a lot of 2021 coins literally did did that, right? coins literally did did that, right? coins literally did did that, right? Like every single breakout just like Like every single breakout just like Like every single breakout just like never looked back and kept going. you never looked back and kept going. you never looked back and kept going. you never got a pullback, but at least you never got a pullback, but at least you never got a pullback, but at least you never got back below the breakout level. never got back below the breakout level. never got back below the breakout level. Uh that's changed a little bit here. Uh that's changed a little bit here. Uh that's changed a little bit here. It's still probably a decent road map It's still probably a decent road map It's still probably a decent road map just to say, hey, is the prior just to say, hey, is the prior just to say, hey, is the prior consolidation holding? I think that's consolidation holding? I think that's consolidation holding? I think that's still appropriate. Um but honestly, with still appropriate. Um but honestly, with still appropriate. Um but honestly, with with these types of trends, uh if you with these types of trends, uh if you with these types of trends, uh if you get an entry and everything else aligns, get an entry and everything else aligns, get an entry and everything else aligns, it's not one that I'd want to manage it's not one that I'd want to manage it's not one that I'd want to manage intraday or even dayto-day because it's intraday or even dayto-day because it's intraday or even dayto-day because it's it'll probably erode your mental health it'll probably erode your mental health it'll probably erode your mental health quite a bit. Yeah, I agree. What's your quite a bit. Yeah, I agree. What's your quite a bit. Yeah, I agree. What's your fault coin entry for me since you're so fault coin entry for me since you're so fault coin entry for me since you're so good at shilling? Uh, I mean I I'm good at shilling? Uh, I mean I I'm good at shilling? Uh, I mean I I'm really bad at buying these kind of really bad at buying these kind of really bad at buying these kind of things when they're 35 cents. Like 35 things when they're 35 cents. Like 35 things when they're 35 cents. Like 35 cents was the one that I shield. Now cents was the one that I shield. Now cents was the one that I shield. Now it's a one one point like 1.5 it's a one one point like 1.5 it's a one one point like 1.5 like there's no support resistance line like there's no support resistance line like there's no support resistance line that I like. This is the thing with that I like. This is the thing with that I like. This is the thing with these coins. You get usually get like these coins. You get usually get like these coins. You get usually get like one good entry and then either you just one good entry and then either you just one good entry and then either you just you just buy that entry or you just you just buy that entry or you just you just buy that entry or you just close your eyes by and hope. And I think close your eyes by and hope. And I think close your eyes by and hope. And I think we're kind of in this in the second we're kind of in this in the second we're kind of in this in the second phase. If you want to own it, you're phase. If you want to own it, you're phase. If you want to own it, you're gonna have to probably I mean there's no gonna have to probably I mean there's no gonna have to probably I mean there's no real good entry here, right? Like chart real good entry here, right? Like chart real good entry here, right? Like chart level wise. Um and it's really scary level wise. Um and it's really scary level wise. Um and it's really scary like if this this thing also went up for like if this this thing also went up for like if this this thing also went up for the last seven weeks, right? Yes. Um and the last seven weeks, right? Yes. Um and the last seven weeks, right? Yes. Um and maybe you can you like you can talk maybe you can you like you can talk maybe you can you like you can talk about TA wise that there's like support about TA wise that there's like support about TA wise that there's like support at 0.7, but if it goes to 0.7, is this at 0.7, but if it goes to 0.7, is this at 0.7, but if it goes to 0.7, is this actually going to go back up? uh like if actually going to go back up? uh like if actually going to go back up? uh like if it pulls back 50% from here, really hard it pulls back 50% from here, really hard it pulls back 50% from here, really hard to say. So I I I I just don't have to say. So I I I I just don't have to say. So I I I I just don't have anything good to say. Um 0.35 was nice. anything good to say. Um 0.35 was nice. anything good to say. Um 0.35 was nice. If that's like if whoever is listening If that's like if whoever is listening If that's like if whoever is listening to this took took a trade there, I still to this took took a trade there, I still to this took took a trade there, I still like it. And you can just follow the like it. And you can just follow the like it. And you can just follow the trend, right? I think I think um a close trend, right? I think I think um a close trend, right? I think I think um a close below um like $1 would be bad news and below um like $1 would be bad news and below um like $1 would be bad news and like 0.9 maybe like that's bad news. like 0.9 maybe like that's bad news. like 0.9 maybe like that's bad news. Just tell me just tell me I'm too late. Just tell me just tell me I'm too late. Just tell me just tell me I'm too late. It's okay. Don't need to sugar coat it. It's okay. Don't need to sugar coat it. It's okay. Don't need to sugar coat it. Yeah. At that point TA entry. Yeah. No, Yeah. At that point TA entry. Yeah. No, Yeah. At that point TA entry. Yeah. No, but 0.9 basically at that point I think but 0.9 basically at that point I think but 0.9 basically at that point I think it start looking quite dicey. Um for the it start looking quite dicey. Um for the it start looking quite dicey. Um for the people in the trade and uh otherwise I people in the trade and uh otherwise I people in the trade and uh otherwise I just I don't know. It's hard to say. Hot just I don't know. It's hard to say. Hot just I don't know. It's hard to say. Hot air. Hot air, bro. Um, no, I think air. Hot air, bro. Um, no, I think air. Hot air, bro. Um, no, I think that's that's more than fair. Any other that's that's more than fair. Any other that's that's more than fair. Any other altcoin? I mean, you talked about Salana altcoin? I mean, you talked about Salana altcoin? I mean, you talked about Salana a little bit that that's kind of in the a little bit that that's kind of in the a little bit that that's kind of in the same place. Yeah, last week similar. same place. Yeah, last week similar. same place. Yeah, last week similar. Looks better now. Looks better now than Looks better now. Looks better now than Looks better now. Looks better now than it did last week even on account of on it did last week even on account of on it did last week even on account of on account of just having consolidated very account of just having consolidated very account of just having consolidated very constructively. Um, like last week we're constructively. Um, like last week we're constructively. Um, like last week we're trading at the same price. I think two, trading at the same price. I think two, trading at the same price. I think two, four, six. Yeah, a little bit lower. four, six. Yeah, a little bit lower. four, six. Yeah, a little bit lower. Like we're pulling back last week. Um, Like we're pulling back last week. Um, Like we're pulling back last week. Um, but like look at that consolidation. but like look at that consolidation. but like look at that consolidation. Like that's clean. Like I I generally Like that's clean. Like I I generally Like that's clean. Like I I generally like when you get these kind of moves up like when you get these kind of moves up like when you get these kind of moves up move ups and they're really strong and move ups and they're really strong and move ups and they're really strong and you just retrace a little bit of it like you just retrace a little bit of it like you just retrace a little bit of it like that's that's a strong the shallow that's that's a strong the shallow that's that's a strong the shallow pullback. Yeah. Yeah. Shallow pullback pullback. Yeah. Yeah. Shallow pullback pullback. Yeah. Yeah. Shallow pullback is usually a good thing. Uh I if you if is usually a good thing. Uh I if you if is usually a good thing. Uh I if you if you go to the weekly time frame, we've you go to the weekly time frame, we've you go to the weekly time frame, we've been we finally hit that resistance that been we finally hit that resistance that been we finally hit that resistance that I had on there. Like I had a cluster the I had on there. Like I had a cluster the I had on there. Like I had a cluster the the 6th of January 2025 cluster. Um that the 6th of January 2025 cluster. Um that the 6th of January 2025 cluster. Um that was my resistance. we hit that um ish was my resistance. we hit that um ish was my resistance. we hit that um ish this week. Um so like there is a little this week. Um so like there is a little this week. Um so like there is a little bit of resistance here but generally bit of resistance here but generally bit of resistance here but generally same as E really like you have a strong same as E really like you have a strong same as E really like you have a strong move up and you go a little bit of move up and you go a little bit of move up and you go a little bit of sideways um and the candle bodies start sideways um and the candle bodies start sideways um and the candle bodies start disappearing. I'm totally fine with disappearing. I'm totally fine with disappearing. I'm totally fine with that. Like it just looks decent. Um even that. Like it just looks decent. Um even that. Like it just looks decent. Um even in the face of resistance it's the same in the face of resistance it's the same in the face of resistance it's the same like it's it's one to one the same as like it's it's one to one the same as like it's it's one to one the same as Eve I would say. Eve I would say. Eve I would say. Um, I like the potential that Eve, the Um, I like the potential that Eve, the Um, I like the potential that Eve, the ETH chat chart has better, but it's also ETH chat chart has better, but it's also ETH chat chart has better, but it's also the fact that Salana's just been much the fact that Salana's just been much the fact that Salana's just been much stronger. So, you can pick whatever you stronger. So, you can pick whatever you stronger. So, you can pick whatever you want like either like the potential that want like either like the potential that want like either like the potential that the chart has on ETH or the strength the chart has on ETH or the strength the chart has on ETH or the strength that Salana has been showing since 2023. that Salana has been showing since 2023. that Salana has been showing since 2023. Yeah, you can make your choice there. I Yeah, you can make your choice there. I Yeah, you can make your choice there. I I like the charts on both of them. Uh, I like the charts on both of them. Uh, I like the charts on both of them. Uh, Salana starts looking really bad below Salana starts looking really bad below Salana starts looking really bad below 126. Um that is quite a bit away but I 126. Um that is quite a bit away but I 126. Um that is quite a bit away but I think that's the the the best kind of think that's the the the best kind of think that's the the the best kind of invalidation. The level that we feded invalidation. The level that we feded invalidation. The level that we feded every single time right that yeah we we every single time right that yeah we we every single time right that yeah we we feded the level until it broke and then feded the level until it broke and then feded the level until it broke and then it became our invalidation. So yeah it became our invalidation. So yeah it became our invalidation. So yeah study that. Yeah. No I think it's nice study that. Yeah. No I think it's nice study that. Yeah. No I think it's nice um 126 reclaim is definitely a big deal um 126 reclaim is definitely a big deal um 126 reclaim is definitely a big deal and it's hard to find the USD pair here and it's hard to find the USD pair here and it's hard to find the USD pair here on from a levels and chart perspective on from a levels and chart perspective on from a levels and chart perspective has been historically like a bit has been historically like a bit has been historically like a bit mangled. I think hasn't been that great. mangled. I think hasn't been that great. mangled. I think hasn't been that great. I mean the monthly has been okay because I mean the monthly has been okay because I mean the monthly has been okay because that's where you got your bottom that's where you got your bottom that's where you got your bottom essentially on monthly support. Yeah. So essentially on monthly support. Yeah. So essentially on monthly support. Yeah. So that was a cook but like what else? It's that was a cook but like what else? It's that was a cook but like what else? It's almost greedy to expect all other time almost greedy to expect all other time almost greedy to expect all other time frames to have levels that good as well. frames to have levels that good as well. frames to have levels that good as well. Yeah. And I mean it is running into Yeah. And I mean it is running into Yeah. And I mean it is running into monthly resistance as well, right? Like monthly resistance as well, right? Like monthly resistance as well, right? Like there is resistance there clearly. Um there is resistance there clearly. Um there is resistance there clearly. Um like if you if you go on the monthly like if you if you go on the monthly like if you if you go on the monthly time frame the the green candle before time frame the the green candle before time frame the the green candle before the breakdown like that's basically the breakdown like that's basically the breakdown like that's basically exactly Yeah. The same 188 area. Yeah. exactly Yeah. The same 188 area. Yeah. exactly Yeah. The same 188 area. Yeah. Yeah. 189 100 something. Yeah. Uh so Yeah. 189 100 something. Yeah. Uh so Yeah. 189 100 something. Yeah. Uh so like there is resistance there but it's like there is resistance there but it's like there is resistance there but it's a very bullish chart generally like if a very bullish chart generally like if a very bullish chart generally like if you put on the monthly you're like holy you put on the monthly you're like holy you put on the monthly you're like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is so bullish like I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is so bullish like I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is so bullish like I I don't think you can make an argument that that think you can make an argument that that think you can make an argument that that chart is not hilariously bullish like chart is not hilariously bullish like chart is not hilariously bullish like nothing's ever broken every single nothing's ever broken every single nothing's ever broken every single pullback eaten up immediately so close pullback eaten up immediately so close pullback eaten up immediately so close to alltime high and you get I mean it to alltime high and you get I mean it to alltime high and you get I mean it looks exactly the same as it did in 2023 looks exactly the same as it did in 2023 looks exactly the same as it did in 2023 right like you just have you have an up right like you just have you have an up right like you just have you have an up move you have complete sideways and then move you have complete sideways and then move you have complete sideways and then you get another up move. Now, now I you get another up move. Now, now I you get another up move. Now, now I don't think Sana is going to do the same don't think Sana is going to do the same don't think Sana is going to do the same up move it did back then, like from 20 up move it did back then, like from 20 up move it did back then, like from 20 to 200. I don't think it's going to 10x to 200. I don't think it's going to 10x to 200. I don't think it's going to 10x from here. Um, I think that's asking for from here. Um, I think that's asking for from here. Um, I think that's asking for a little bit much, but just generally, a little bit much, but just generally, a little bit much, but just generally, um, chartwise, there's no big um, chartwise, there's no big um, chartwise, there's no big difference. Um, and you have like a difference. Um, and you have like a difference. Um, and you have like a decent invalidation here, too. Like, it decent invalidation here, too. Like, it decent invalidation here, too. Like, it closed below 126 on the monthly time closed below 126 on the monthly time closed below 126 on the monthly time frame, and I think you probably would frame, and I think you probably would frame, and I think you probably would want to uh take some profit. Like if want to uh take some profit. Like if want to uh take some profit. Like if you're a long-term Salana holder, I you're a long-term Salana holder, I you're a long-term Salana holder, I think that'll be a decent invalidation think that'll be a decent invalidation think that'll be a decent invalidation for for making sure that you keep some for for making sure that you keep some for for making sure that you keep some of the gains because stuff in crypto of the gains because stuff in crypto of the gains because stuff in crypto goes up and goes down. So you you always goes up and goes down. So you you always goes up and goes down. So you you always have to have some sort of fail safe, but have to have some sort of fail safe, but have to have some sort of fail safe, but uh that's pretty decent one. uh that's pretty decent one. uh that's pretty decent one. Yeah. No, no, no disagreement there. Um Yeah. No, no, no disagreement there. Um Yeah. No, no, no disagreement there. Um yeah, 188 is quite good on all time yeah, 188 is quite good on all time yeah, 188 is quite good on all time frames to be honest. So like if if your frames to be honest. So like if if your frames to be honest. So like if if your high time frame at least it's what 126 high time frame at least it's what 126 high time frame at least it's what 126 188 big picture and then 190 plus we can 188 big picture and then 190 plus we can 188 big picture and then 190 plus we can have a acceleration gate type have a acceleration gate type have a acceleration gate type conversation if it's relevant. Um but conversation if it's relevant. Um but conversation if it's relevant. Um but also like most people who are really also like most people who are really also like most people who are really bullish on Salana speculating on stuff bullish on Salana speculating on stuff bullish on Salana speculating on stuff within Salana more so at this point it within Salana more so at this point it within Salana more so at this point it feels like more so than the native token feels like more so than the native token feels like more so than the native token itself mostly to their detriment I would itself mostly to their detriment I would itself mostly to their detriment I would imagine but it's still the way the imagine but it's still the way the imagine but it's still the way the cookie crumbles. um that those are the cookie crumbles. um that those are the cookie crumbles. um that those are the main alts that I've been looking at that main alts that I've been looking at that main alts that I've been looking at that a lot of them are just in very similar a lot of them are just in very similar a lot of them are just in very similar spots to last week at least like the big spots to last week at least like the big spots to last week at least like the big liquid ones. I mean Doge is another liquid ones. I mean Doge is another liquid ones. I mean Doge is another example, right? Like it hits a cluster example, right? Like it hits a cluster example, right? Like it hits a cluster candle bodies disappear on the weekly. candle bodies disappear on the weekly. candle bodies disappear on the weekly. Fatcoin is trending. Um Ave has been Fatcoin is trending. Um Ave has been Fatcoin is trending. Um Ave has been super strong. Yeah, that's making its super strong. Yeah, that's making its super strong. Yeah, that's making its way through the cluster which is nice. way through the cluster which is nice. way through the cluster which is nice. Um, Sooie, we also talked about it's Um, Sooie, we also talked about it's Um, Sooie, we also talked about it's just kind of similar to last week. Last just kind of similar to last week. Last just kind of similar to last week. Last little grindy bit close to the all-time little grindy bit close to the all-time little grindy bit close to the all-time high. I think there's like some lower high. I think there's like some lower high. I think there's like some lower high risk there. So, it's it's not as high risk there. So, it's it's not as high risk there. So, it's it's not as sexy in terms of space or whatever. Um, sexy in terms of space or whatever. Um, sexy in terms of space or whatever. Um, but looks better than most old coin but looks better than most old coin but looks better than most old coin charts, you know. Um, that's a that's a charts, you know. Um, that's a that's a charts, you know. Um, that's a that's a pullback from a from a Yeah. But didn't pullback from a from a Yeah. But didn't pullback from a from a Yeah. But didn't Sui just lose the entire chain? It's Sui just lose the entire chain? It's Sui just lose the entire chain? It's fine. fine. fine. This is crypto. It's okay. No, but like This is crypto. It's okay. No, but like This is crypto. It's okay. No, but like straight up there was something like straight up there was something like straight up there was something like that. Yeah, I think like the the decks that. Yeah, I think like the the decks that. Yeah, I think like the the decks there even though major decks got hacked there even though major decks got hacked there even though major decks got hacked and everyone everything but then all the and everyone everything but then all the and everyone everything but then all the validators were like yo let's not do validators were like yo let's not do validators were like yo let's not do that. And so dude, I do not understand, that. And so dude, I do not understand, that. And so dude, I do not understand, man. How can you have that and the chart man. How can you have that and the chart man. How can you have that and the chart doesn't move? I don't understand because doesn't move? I don't understand because doesn't move? I don't understand because it's so bullish. Figure it out. And then it's so bullish. Figure it out. And then it's so bullish. Figure it out. And then XRP is still climbing along in the XRP is still climbing along in the XRP is still climbing along in the consolidation. Nothing. I mean XP you consolidation. Nothing. I mean XP you consolidation. Nothing. I mean XP you see weekly that's just I mean that's the see weekly that's just I mean that's the see weekly that's just I mean that's the chart. It's chart. It's chart. It's basically honestly everything looks a basically honestly everything looks a basically honestly everything looks a little bit the same. Yeah. Agreed. little bit the same. Yeah. Agreed. little bit the same. Yeah. Agreed. Agreed. And then you just you just buy Agreed. And then you just you just buy Agreed. And then you just you just buy whatever you like best or don't buy uh whatever you like best or don't buy uh whatever you like best or don't buy uh don't buy something and then if it nukes don't buy something and then if it nukes don't buy something and then if it nukes tell me that I'm the the reason you lost tell me that I'm the the reason you lost tell me that I'm the the reason you lost money. But true. It's my plan. money. But true. It's my plan. money. But true. It's my plan. But just generally like everything looks But just generally like everything looks But just generally like everything looks like basically everything went up like like basically everything went up like like basically everything went up like everything decent at least went up and everything decent at least went up and everything decent at least went up and to the right like just and now it's like to the right like just and now it's like to the right like just and now it's like straight up to the right like it's just straight up to the right like it's just straight up to the right like it's just a consolidation on the on the weekly a consolidation on the on the weekly a consolidation on the on the weekly time frame on pretty much every single time frame on pretty much every single time frame on pretty much every single thing out there. Uh Bitcoin obviously is thing out there. Uh Bitcoin obviously is thing out there. Uh Bitcoin obviously is stronger than the rest because that's stronger than the rest because that's stronger than the rest because that's been up and up. So that's not like up been up and up. So that's not like up been up and up. So that's not like up and to the right. It's only up and and to the right. It's only up and and to the right. It's only up and that's a little bit better. But even on that's a little bit better. But even on that's a little bit better. But even on the old coins, on the USD pairs, um, the old coins, on the USD pairs, um, the old coins, on the USD pairs, um, like they just look quite good. Like XRP like they just look quite good. Like XRP like they just look quite good. Like XRP to me, I zoom out, I'm like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me, I zoom out, I'm like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me, I zoom out, I'm like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that looks good." I look at Solana, I'm that looks good." I look at Solana, I'm that looks good." I look at Solana, I'm like, "That looks quite decent." Not as like, "That looks quite decent." Not as like, "That looks quite decent." Not as good as as XRP does to me, but still good as as XRP does to me, but still good as as XRP does to me, but still really, really good. Uh, with ETH, I really, really good. Uh, with ETH, I really, really good. Uh, with ETH, I look at it, I'm like, doesn't really look at it, I'm like, doesn't really look at it, I'm like, doesn't really look great, but it has a lot of look great, but it has a lot of look great, but it has a lot of potential. So, still looks kind of okay. potential. So, still looks kind of okay. potential. So, still looks kind of okay. And then, I mean, you can just go And then, I mean, you can just go And then, I mean, you can just go through the list, right? Like Fatcoin, through the list, right? Like Fatcoin, through the list, right? Like Fatcoin, that looks really good. you you have a that looks really good. you you have a that looks really good. you you have a bunch of meme coins that bump like bunch of meme coins that bump like bunch of meme coins that bump like bounced a bunch and I'd be a little bit bounced a bunch and I'd be a little bit bounced a bunch and I'd be a little bit careful with those. Uh like with Popcat careful with those. Uh like with Popcat careful with those. Uh like with Popcat like those went up like 3x 4x. Um I like those went up like 3x 4x. Um I like those went up like 3x 4x. Um I think there's a chance that they run think there's a chance that they run think there's a chance that they run back, but there's also a chance that back, but there's also a chance that back, but there's also a chance that this is just a complacency shoulder and this is just a complacency shoulder and this is just a complacency shoulder and that they're going to go back to dumping that they're going to go back to dumping that they're going to go back to dumping afterwards. I'm not quite entirely sure afterwards. I'm not quite entirely sure afterwards. I'm not quite entirely sure on that yet. I generally think a lot of on that yet. I generally think a lot of on that yet. I generally think a lot of people bag held these and they're gonna people bag held these and they're gonna people bag held these and they're gonna be happy to happy to rotate out of them be happy to happy to rotate out of them be happy to happy to rotate out of them if it goes up a little bit higher, but I if it goes up a little bit higher, but I if it goes up a little bit higher, but I could be wrong and it's just meme season could be wrong and it's just meme season could be wrong and it's just meme season again. Uh I don't want to make a strong again. Uh I don't want to make a strong again. Uh I don't want to make a strong call on that, but but that's just kind call on that, but but that's just kind call on that, but but that's just kind of my gut feeling like you get you get a of my gut feeling like you get you get a of my gut feeling like you get you get a 3x on something that basically went to 3x on something that basically went to 3x on something that basically went to zero or 4x. Um you're going to see a lot zero or 4x. Um you're going to see a lot zero or 4x. Um you're going to see a lot of people kind of looking for an exit of people kind of looking for an exit of people kind of looking for an exit and to rotate it into something actually and to rotate it into something actually and to rotate it into something actually interesting. Um but I could be wrong. I interesting. Um but I could be wrong. I interesting. Um but I could be wrong. I don't want to. It's not a strong call. don't want to. It's not a strong call. don't want to. It's not a strong call. It's just more of like a gut feeling. Um It's just more of like a gut feeling. Um It's just more of like a gut feeling. Um and I mean it's all been memes the and I mean it's all been memes the and I mean it's all been memes the entire cycle so far. So maybe it stays entire cycle so far. So maybe it stays entire cycle so far. So maybe it stays memes and u they just keep running. You memes and u they just keep running. You memes and u they just keep running. You know, Hyperlid it stands out. Um yeah, know, Hyperlid it stands out. Um yeah, know, Hyperlid it stands out. Um yeah, this one where you're like you're this one where you're like you're this one where you're like you're holding like it's some sort of meme but holding like it's some sort of meme but holding like it's some sort of meme but also fundamentally kind of sound. Yeah. also fundamentally kind of sound. Yeah. also fundamentally kind of sound. Yeah. And you combine both and you're not at And you combine both and you're not at And you combine both and you're not at risk of just basically having something risk of just basically having something risk of just basically having something that's just going to go down 99%. that's just going to go down 99%. that's just going to go down 99%. um which is nice, right? You have the um which is nice, right? You have the um which is nice, right? You have the same upside potential uh without the rug same upside potential uh without the rug same upside potential uh without the rug risk basically. And I think those kind risk basically. And I think those kind risk basically. And I think those kind of things you want to be looking for. Um of things you want to be looking for. Um of things you want to be looking for. Um there's not many in crypto like that. Um there's not many in crypto like that. Um there's not many in crypto like that. Um oh, it's super rare, especially if you oh, it's super rare, especially if you oh, it's super rare, especially if you consider just how many coins there are. consider just how many coins there are. consider just how many coins there are. The classic talking point, but it's it's The classic talking point, but it's it's The classic talking point, but it's it's real. Um the final bit is the S&amp;P 500. real. Um the final bit is the S&amp;P 500. real. Um the final bit is the S&amp;P 500. Trump had some things to say. Oh, yeah. Trump had some things to say. Oh, yeah. Trump had some things to say. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's the reason why we're not I mean, it's the reason why we're not I mean, it's the reason why we're not why we're not giga pushing right now. He why we're not giga pushing right now. He why we're not giga pushing right now. He I feels like he just kind of woke up I feels like he just kind of woke up I feels like he just kind of woke up grumpy. Yeah. grumpy. Yeah. grumpy. Yeah. Said things about Apple in Europe. The Said things about Apple in Europe. The Said things about Apple in Europe. The S&amp;P. Yeah. I mean, do you know I I S&amp;P. Yeah. I mean, do you know I I S&amp;P. Yeah. I mean, do you know I I think basically Europe announced like a think basically Europe announced like a think basically Europe announced like a like a minerals deal with Greenland and like a minerals deal with Greenland and like a minerals deal with Greenland and then like a day after he went went off then like a day after he went went off then like a day after he went went off on on on Europe. So I don't know if that on on on Europe. So I don't know if that on on on Europe. So I don't know if that is that is kind of correlated but that's is that is kind of correlated but that's is that is kind of correlated but that's what he wanted, right? like he said he what he wanted, right? like he said he what he wanted, right? like he said he would want a mineral steel or like would want a mineral steel or like would want a mineral steel or like generally just Greenland. Uh now generally just Greenland. Uh now generally just Greenland. Uh now no Europe is kind of like going in on no Europe is kind of like going in on no Europe is kind of like going in on that. Um and he's not a big fan that. Um and he's not a big fan that. Um and he's not a big fan apparently. Um less market impact apparently. Um less market impact apparently. Um less market impact though. So yeah. Yeah. People calling though. So yeah. Yeah. People calling though. So yeah. Yeah. People calling his bluff basically. I think basically his bluff basically. I think basically his bluff basically. I think basically what we've been seeing right and I think what we've been seeing right and I think what we've been seeing right and I think no matter how much or how little you no matter how much or how little you no matter how much or how little you like Trump like he he talks quite big like Trump like he he talks quite big like Trump like he he talks quite big but if it actually has quite big impact but if it actually has quite big impact but if it actually has quite big impact on the markets or on anything he kind of on the markets or on anything he kind of on the markets or on anything he kind of like rose back China thing the China like rose back China thing the China like rose back China thing the China tariffs they're they're in place and tariffs they're they're in place and tariffs they're they're in place and then suddenly like they're delayed for then suddenly like they're delayed for then suddenly like they're delayed for 90 days and then again for 90 days and 90 days and then again for 90 days and 90 days and then again for 90 days and kind of like get pushed along a lot of kind of like get pushed along a lot of kind of like get pushed along a lot of the other tariffs same deal they kind of the other tariffs same deal they kind of the other tariffs same deal they kind of like get introduced and they get taken like get introduced and they get taken like get introduced and they get taken off and I think people are just like off and I think people are just like off and I think people are just like they're basically not trusting him on they're basically not trusting him on they're basically not trusting him on what he's saying anymore and therefore what he's saying anymore and therefore what he's saying anymore and therefore the market impact is quite limited the market impact is quite limited the market impact is quite limited because this is a big deal right like because this is a big deal right like because this is a big deal right like you you put tariffs and everyone um you you put tariffs and everyone um you you put tariffs and everyone um that's a big deal that's going to have that's a big deal that's going to have that's a big deal that's going to have real consequences but I think um the real consequences but I think um the real consequences but I think um the markets at least are pricing that he markets at least are pricing that he markets at least are pricing that he will not have the balls to go through will not have the balls to go through will not have the balls to go through with it and it could very well be a with it and it could very well be a with it and it could very well be a complete and utter um like just wrong, complete and utter um like just wrong, complete and utter um like just wrong, right? And like a miscalculation. Yeah, right? And like a miscalculation. Yeah, right? And like a miscalculation. Yeah, a miscalculation. And if it's a a miscalculation. And if it's a a miscalculation. And if it's a miscalculations, you're going to see a miscalculations, you're going to see a miscalculations, you're going to see a massive massive nuke on the markets. I massive massive nuke on the markets. I massive massive nuke on the markets. I think we're basically um we're gambling think we're basically um we're gambling think we're basically um we're gambling the the market's life on the fact that the the market's life on the fact that the the market's life on the fact that Trump is not going to have the balls to Trump is not going to have the balls to Trump is not going to have the balls to pull through. I mean, we're the market's pull through. I mean, we're the market's pull through. I mean, we're the market's calling his bluff essentially. Yeah. But calling his bluff essentially. Yeah. But calling his bluff essentially. Yeah. But if it's not a bluff, if it's actually if it's not a bluff, if it's actually if it's not a bluff, if it's actually just straight up like what he's going to just straight up like what he's going to just straight up like what he's going to do. Yeah. Um, the markets are going to do. Yeah. Um, the markets are going to do. Yeah. Um, the markets are going to lose big time and I think that's going lose big time and I think that's going lose big time and I think that's going to be a big big nuke. But then the big to be a big big nuke. But then the big to be a big big nuke. But then the big nuke would basically compel like from nuke would basically compel like from nuke would basically compel like from all the evidence that we've seen would all the evidence that we've seen would all the evidence that we've seen would compel Trump to kind of like go back on compel Trump to kind of like go back on compel Trump to kind of like go back on it again. We're in this dumb situation it again. We're in this dumb situation it again. We're in this dumb situation where the where the worse the market where the where the worse the market where the where the worse the market gets, uh, the more fundamentally bullish gets, uh, the more fundamentally bullish gets, uh, the more fundamentally bullish it's going to be because the tariffs are it's going to be because the tariffs are it's going to be because the tariffs are going to be a road back, which is really going to be a road back, which is really going to be a road back, which is really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Like, we're in a very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Like, we're in a very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Like, we're in a very odd spot now. odd spot now. odd spot now. um not so easy to trade on the um not so easy to trade on the um not so easy to trade on the traditional market side, I think. No, traditional market side, I think. No, traditional market side, I think. No, for sure. Um I I think it's a very good for sure. Um I I think it's a very good for sure. Um I I think it's a very good framework like especially if he keeps framework like especially if he keeps framework like especially if he keeps spamming tariff stuff and not following spamming tariff stuff and not following spamming tariff stuff and not following through that just gets discounted each through that just gets discounted each through that just gets discounted each time uh the more he does it until he time uh the more he does it until he time uh the more he does it until he actually follows through in which case actually follows through in which case actually follows through in which case all the builtup discounting it bets are all the builtup discounting it bets are all the builtup discounting it bets are wrong at the same time and that's that wrong at the same time and that's that wrong at the same time and that's that would be ugly. Uh from a TA perspective, would be ugly. Uh from a TA perspective, would be ugly. Uh from a TA perspective, I think it's a pretty interesting spot I think it's a pretty interesting spot I think it's a pretty interesting spot as the meme goes because we sort of as the meme goes because we sort of as the meme goes because we sort of talked about what is the risk of a lower talked about what is the risk of a lower talked about what is the risk of a lower high this close. We said it was pretty high this close. We said it was pretty high this close. We said it was pretty low. Obviously, the market's pulled back low. Obviously, the market's pulled back low. Obviously, the market's pulled back since then and one of the things we since then and one of the things we since then and one of the things we talked about was uh it can pull back as talked about was uh it can pull back as talked about was uh it can pull back as long as it holds like the reclaim shelf, long as it holds like the reclaim shelf, long as it holds like the reclaim shelf, which is what like 56 57ish roughly from which is what like 56 57ish roughly from which is what like 56 57ish roughly from like a super high time frame point of like a super high time frame point of like a super high time frame point of view. And I think there's some like view. And I think there's some like view. And I think there's some like moving average memes around there as moving average memes around there as moving average memes around there as well. And it would essentially be like well. And it would essentially be like well. And it would essentially be like breakdown like the point of breakdown breakdown like the point of breakdown breakdown like the point of breakdown reclaim retested. I think that's fine. reclaim retested. I think that's fine. reclaim retested. I think that's fine. That's okay from a purely chart That's okay from a purely chart That's okay from a purely chart perspective. Anything else would start perspective. Anything else would start perspective. Anything else would start getting a bit shitty, I think. Um, yeah, getting a bit shitty, I think. Um, yeah, getting a bit shitty, I think. Um, yeah, because if the whole thing is like, oh, because if the whole thing is like, oh, because if the whole thing is like, oh, it's a bluff, we're so back. Uh, and it's a bluff, we're so back. Uh, and it's a bluff, we're so back. Uh, and then the bears get run over. if even if then the bears get run over. if even if then the bears get run over. if even if they get a bit of redemption on a minor they get a bit of redemption on a minor they get a bit of redemption on a minor pullback, it can't be just like a pullback, it can't be just like a pullback, it can't be just like a structure shifting pullback because then structure shifting pullback because then structure shifting pullback because then it sort of looks like a really extended it sort of looks like a really extended it sort of looks like a really extended lower high or at least like that the lower high or at least like that the lower high or at least like that the momentum has run out on the bluff momentum has run out on the bluff momentum has run out on the bluff calling leg of the move. Um, so I think calling leg of the move. Um, so I think calling leg of the move. Um, so I think eyeballing this thing eyeballing this thing eyeballing this thing 5.6 5.7 wherever that form of floor is 5.6 5.7 wherever that form of floor is 5.6 5.7 wherever that form of floor is for you that that that's probably pretty for you that that that's probably pretty for you that that that's probably pretty important uh to hold generally speaking important uh to hold generally speaking important uh to hold generally speaking especially because like we saw the especially because like we saw the especially because like we saw the impact on BTC when the tariff news came impact on BTC when the tariff news came impact on BTC when the tariff news came out. It was something we discussed out. It was something we discussed out. It was something we discussed earlier that like if it gets volatile earlier that like if it gets volatile earlier that like if it gets volatile enough to the downside, it's very likely enough to the downside, it's very likely enough to the downside, it's very likely to spill over to the to crypto. Um, to spill over to the to crypto. Um, to spill over to the to crypto. Um, still I'd love for that relationship to still I'd love for that relationship to still I'd love for that relationship to be less pronounced obviously. Uh but but be less pronounced obviously. Uh but but be less pronounced obviously. Uh but but at the moment at least from the at the moment at least from the at the moment at least from the available evidence if we get big S&amp;P uh available evidence if we get big S&amp;P uh available evidence if we get big S&amp;P uh nukes we we kind of eat that up as well. nukes we we kind of eat that up as well. nukes we we kind of eat that up as well. I mean we benefited from the upside as I mean we benefited from the upside as I mean we benefited from the upside as well no doubt about it in my mind at well no doubt about it in my mind at well no doubt about it in my mind at least uh with the walk back but I think least uh with the walk back but I think least uh with the walk back but I think the correlated coin has two sides to it. the correlated coin has two sides to it. the correlated coin has two sides to it. So, um, you you essentially end up in a So, um, you you essentially end up in a So, um, you you essentially end up in a world where BTC is at an inflection world where BTC is at an inflection world where BTC is at an inflection point because if the weekly breakout point because if the weekly breakout point because if the weekly breakout fails at some stage, that gets dicey and fails at some stage, that gets dicey and fails at some stage, that gets dicey and then so is the S&amp;P because it's at a big then so is the S&amp;P because it's at a big then so is the S&amp;P because it's at a big retest level and we're still in tariff retest level and we're still in tariff retest level and we're still in tariff game theory world. Um, so deal with that game theory world. Um, so deal with that game theory world. Um, so deal with that what you may. And by what you may, I what you may. And by what you may, I what you may. And by what you may, I mean just bag hold 50% and then break mean just bag hold 50% and then break mean just bag hold 50% and then break even on it cuz I mean that's kind of ch even on it cuz I mean that's kind of ch even on it cuz I mean that's kind of ch who did that. Yeah, I know, right? who did that. Yeah, I know, right? who did that. Yeah, I know, right? Exactly. Uh, that was one of the news Exactly. Uh, that was one of the news Exactly. Uh, that was one of the news articles, by the way. Analyst downplays articles, by the way. Analyst downplays articles, by the way. Analyst downplays Trump's tariff threat on EU goods. It's Trump's tariff threat on EU goods. It's Trump's tariff threat on EU goods. It's like literally the calling the bluff. like literally the calling the bluff. like literally the calling the bluff. Apple devices. Oh, and Apple devices as Apple devices. Oh, and Apple devices as Apple devices. Oh, and Apple devices as Bitcoin briefly slips under 109K. Still Bitcoin briefly slips under 109K. Still Bitcoin briefly slips under 109K. Still an unreal headline as someone who traded an unreal headline as someone who traded an unreal headline as someone who traded BTC at around 3K several times. Seeing BTC at around 3K several times. Seeing BTC at around 3K several times. Seeing slips under 109,000 is Yeah. Yeah. slips under 109,000 is Yeah. Yeah. slips under 109,000 is Yeah. Yeah. jarring. I don't want to think about it, jarring. I don't want to think about it, jarring. I don't want to think about it, you know. Um the other news pieces are you know. Um the other news pieces are you know. Um the other news pieces are things we've sort of talked about in things we've sort of talked about in things we've sort of talked about in passing in most of them. Uh one of them passing in most of them. Uh one of them passing in most of them. Uh one of them is the Trump dinner. So Lamar ODM Justin is the Trump dinner. So Lamar ODM Justin is the Trump dinner. So Lamar ODM Justin Sun party at Trump's memecoin gala as Sun party at Trump's memecoin gala as Sun party at Trump's memecoin gala as lawmakers blast selling access. We we lawmakers blast selling access. We we lawmakers blast selling access. We we sort of touched on this before. I think sort of touched on this before. I think sort of touched on this before. I think a good test would be that if a if a good test would be that if a if a good test would be that if a if someone on the other side of the someone on the other side of the someone on the other side of the political aisle that you don't agree political aisle that you don't agree political aisle that you don't agree with would do this, what would your with would do this, what would your with would do this, what would your reasonable reaction be or your likely reasonable reaction be or your likely reasonable reaction be or your likely reaction be? uh as long as you're a reaction be? uh as long as you're a reaction be? uh as long as you're a person with a shred of like logical person with a shred of like logical person with a shred of like logical consistency and intellectual integrity consistency and intellectual integrity consistency and intellectual integrity or whatever. Ah, it's very rare or whatever. Ah, it's very rare or whatever. Ah, it's very rare nowadays. I know. Yeah, that's true. Um nowadays. I know. Yeah, that's true. Um nowadays. I know. Yeah, that's true. Um but I I I just don't like vectors of but I I I just don't like vectors of but I I I just don't like vectors of access to the head of state like this. I access to the head of state like this. I access to the head of state like this. I don't think it's bad for democracy in don't think it's bad for democracy in don't think it's bad for democracy in general. I don't think a sitting head of general. I don't think a sitting head of general. I don't think a sitting head of state, whatever party they're from, state, whatever party they're from, state, whatever party they're from, should have these types should have these types should have these types of in-your-face financial interests. And of in-your-face financial interests. And of in-your-face financial interests. And then it starts to turn into like banana then it starts to turn into like banana then it starts to turn into like banana republic territory when it's like oh but republic territory when it's like oh but republic territory when it's like oh but their son you know the head of state's their son you know the head of state's their son you know the head of state's children have these like adjacent children have these like adjacent children have these like adjacent business interests and empires and it's business interests and empires and it's business interests and empires and it's like a link to the pre to the head of like a link to the pre to the head of like a link to the pre to the head of state himself. Like this is banana state himself. Like this is banana state himself. Like this is banana republic type of uh structure and I republic type of uh structure and I republic type of uh structure and I don't like it. I don't like that Trump's don't like it. I don't like that Trump's don't like it. I don't like that Trump's doing it. If the Democrats were in power doing it. If the Democrats were in power doing it. If the Democrats were in power and they were selling access in a and they were selling access in a and they were selling access in a similar way and using crypto to do it, similar way and using crypto to do it, similar way and using crypto to do it, I'd also speak against that. I just I I'd also speak against that. I just I I'd also speak against that. I just I don't I don't think it's a great look. don't I don't think it's a great look. don't I don't think it's a great look. And also like it's very easy to make And also like it's very easy to make And also like it's very easy to make Democrats hate crypto as they do Democrats hate crypto as they do Democrats hate crypto as they do already, right? Like we know they most already, right? Like we know they most already, right? Like we know they most of them have like an inherent dislike to of them have like an inherent dislike to of them have like an inherent dislike to crypto. Um but then this kind of stuff crypto. Um but then this kind of stuff crypto. Um but then this kind of stuff just compounds it. And you can imagine just compounds it. And you can imagine just compounds it. And you can imagine if slash when they get into power, I if slash when they get into power, I if slash when they get into power, I don't think it's going to be Republicans don't think it's going to be Republicans don't think it's going to be Republicans until the end of time. Uh this will just until the end of time. Uh this will just until the end of time. Uh this will just kind of embolden them to hate crypto kind of embolden them to hate crypto kind of embolden them to hate crypto even more. Uh yeah, for good reason, even more. Uh yeah, for good reason, even more. Uh yeah, for good reason, too, right? Yeah, for good reason. And too, right? Yeah, for good reason. And too, right? Yeah, for good reason. And it's like, well, no, I never really it's like, well, no, I never really it's like, well, no, I never really liked this tech because I thought it was liked this tech because I thought it was liked this tech because I thought it was scam, theft, fraud, corruption. And scam, theft, fraud, corruption. And scam, theft, fraud, corruption. And then, by the way, when the last then, by the way, when the last then, by the way, when the last president was in office, that's kind of, president was in office, that's kind of, president was in office, that's kind of, you know, it was in your face that all you know, it was in your face that all you know, it was in your face that all of those use cases are enforced. So, of those use cases are enforced. So, of those use cases are enforced. So, we're going to we're going to regulate we're going to we're going to regulate we're going to we're going to regulate it more tightly and nuke it and sell the it more tightly and nuke it and sell the it more tightly and nuke it and sell the BTC strategic reserve that the US has, BTC strategic reserve that the US has, BTC strategic reserve that the US has, so on and so forth. Like, I I just don't so on and so forth. Like, I I just don't so on and so forth. Like, I I just don't like the precedent that it sets, and I like the precedent that it sets, and I like the precedent that it sets, and I don't like that it emboldens the other don't like that it emboldens the other don't like that it emboldens the other side when the pendulum of power swings side when the pendulum of power swings side when the pendulum of power swings eventually. Uh, I think it's like a eventually. Uh, I think it's like a eventually. Uh, I think it's like a long-term losing game all around. And long-term losing game all around. And long-term losing game all around. And also, whenever Trump does crypto stuff, also, whenever Trump does crypto stuff, also, whenever Trump does crypto stuff, the price goes down. Um, straight up the price goes down. Um, straight up the price goes down. Um, straight up recently or whatever, you know, like recently or whatever, you know, like recently or whatever, you know, like that's it's extractive. Like this kind that's it's extractive. Like this kind that's it's extractive. Like this kind of stuff is extractive. Do you do did of stuff is extractive. Do you do did of stuff is extractive. Do you do did you see like the Cham video where he's you see like the Cham video where he's you see like the Cham video where he's like, "Oh, I like it's it's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, "Oh, I like it's it's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like, "Oh, I like it's it's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the Democrats are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the Democrats are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like the Democrats are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because you could never like even as the because you could never like even as the because you could never like even as the biggest donor of the party, you could biggest donor of the party, you could biggest donor of the party, you could never get like face to face with any of never get like face to face with any of never get like face to face with any of them. like you like I I was donating them. like you like I I was donating them. like you like I I was donating like millions and millions and I wasn't like millions and millions and I wasn't like millions and millions and I wasn't getting access I wasn't getting access getting access I wasn't getting access getting access I wasn't getting access and if you compare this to like what is and if you compare this to like what is and if you compare this to like what is happening now with like these like happening now with like these like happening now with like these like crypto dinners and crypto dinners and crypto dinners and whatever and I see a lot of people on whatever and I see a lot of people on whatever and I see a lot of people on Twitter being like yeah this might be a Twitter being like yeah this might be a Twitter being like yeah this might be a little bit corrupt but the Democrats little bit corrupt but the Democrats little bit corrupt but the Democrats were doing it too apparently not to this were doing it too apparently not to this were doing it too apparently not to this extent right like I think that's kind of extent right like I think that's kind of extent right like I think that's kind of fair to say like just just listening to fair to say like just just listening to fair to say like just just listening to someone that's been trying to buy access someone that's been trying to buy access someone that's been trying to buy access and didn't manage to um by donating to and didn't manage to um by donating to and didn't manage to um by donating to the Democrats and now is on the other the Democrats and now is on the other the Democrats and now is on the other side and has all the access in the side and has all the access in the side and has all the access in the world. Uh I think that's kind of world. Uh I think that's kind of world. Uh I think that's kind of problematic behavior. Obviously like problematic behavior. Obviously like problematic behavior. Obviously like these kind of bribes and like that kind these kind of bribes and like that kind these kind of bribes and like that kind of shitty behavior exists on all sides. of shitty behavior exists on all sides. of shitty behavior exists on all sides. Like it's not only an American thing Like it's not only an American thing Like it's not only an American thing either, right? We have this in the either, right? We have this in the either, right? We have this in the European Union too. You have this in the European Union too. You have this in the European Union too. You have this in the UK, right? Like there's a bunch of this UK, right? Like there's a bunch of this UK, right? Like there's a bunch of this stuff, but there's obvious obviously stuff, but there's obvious obviously stuff, but there's obvious obviously levels to it. And um I think this like levels to it. And um I think this like levels to it. And um I think this like these kind of crypto dinners and like these kind of crypto dinners and like these kind of crypto dinners and like Justin Sun getting like a pon for like Justin Sun getting like a pon for like Justin Sun getting like a pon for like all his actions after having donated a all his actions after having donated a all his actions after having donated a bunch I think that's just generally very bunch I think that's just generally very bunch I think that's just generally very in yourrface uh just corruption. Um and in yourrface uh just corruption. Um and in yourrface uh just corruption. Um and I think it's problematic and the more it I think it's problematic and the more it I think it's problematic and the more it gets normalized the more you're going to gets normalized the more you're going to gets normalized the more you're going to get even more corrupt officials in get even more corrupt officials in get even more corrupt officials in place. Right. And uh we've seen this place. Right. And uh we've seen this place. Right. And uh we've seen this we've seen this in Europe in the we've seen this in Europe in the we've seen this in Europe in the countries to the east like where that countries to the east like where that countries to the east like where that leads to. Um and it's not a good leads to. Um and it's not a good leads to. Um and it's not a good society. I can promise you that. So like society. I can promise you that. So like society. I can promise you that. So like I' I'd be careful on that front. Like I' I'd be careful on that front. Like I' I'd be careful on that front. Like the more brazen this gets the worse it the more brazen this gets the worse it the more brazen this gets the worse it does like the worse it gets. Uh like it does like the worse it gets. Uh like it does like the worse it gets. Uh like it compounds basically and like an erosion compounds basically and like an erosion compounds basically and like an erosion of morals like this especially like when of morals like this especially like when of morals like this especially like when it's just publicly accepted is just a it's just publicly accepted is just a it's just publicly accepted is just a bad thing generally. Yeah. And as crypto bad thing generally. Yeah. And as crypto bad thing generally. Yeah. And as crypto people, we suffer if that's the primary people, we suffer if that's the primary people, we suffer if that's the primary mechanism of Yeah. mechanism of Yeah. mechanism of Yeah. just generally like even if you take all just generally like even if you take all just generally like even if you take all the societal impacts out of it, it's the societal impacts out of it, it's the societal impacts out of it, it's just generally bad for us. Like I don't just generally bad for us. Like I don't just generally bad for us. Like I don't know why the crypto people are know why the crypto people are know why the crypto people are celebrating this. You don't want to celebrating this. You don't want to celebrating this. You don't want to embolden people like Justin Sun to do embolden people like Justin Sun to do embolden people like Justin Sun to do all the crime uh that he wants to and all the crime uh that he wants to and all the crime uh that he wants to and then get a like allegedly. Yeah. I mean, then get a like allegedly. Yeah. I mean, then get a like allegedly. Yeah. I mean, he is not a criminal. Um definitely not. he is not a criminal. Um definitely not. he is not a criminal. Um definitely not. And we're not aware of any illegal And we're not aware of any illegal And we're not aware of any illegal criminal activities. Yeah. like but this criminal activities. Yeah. like but this criminal activities. Yeah. like but this is like a problem and obviously like is like a problem and obviously like is like a problem and obviously like this is extractive behavior. Um the this is extractive behavior. Um the this is extractive behavior. Um the people that are actually paying for this people that are actually paying for this people that are actually paying for this stuff are the the holders, right? I mean stuff are the the holders, right? I mean stuff are the the holders, right? I mean Trump killed the trenches like the coin Trump killed the trenches like the coin Trump killed the trenches like the coin Trump and Melania the one two combo you Trump and Melania the one two combo you Trump and Melania the one two combo you know jab cross good night type of thing know jab cross good night type of thing know jab cross good night type of thing and everything since then has been a and everything since then has been a and everything since then has been a fart in comparison uh to what it was. So fart in comparison uh to what it was. So fart in comparison uh to what it was. So yeah, I I just I I I don't like the yeah, I I just I I I don't like the yeah, I I just I I I don't like the structure of it. And thing is like the structure of it. And thing is like the structure of it. And thing is like the main crypto win was a legislative one. main crypto win was a legislative one. main crypto win was a legislative one. Like we donate, you know, the crypto Like we donate, you know, the crypto Like we donate, you know, the crypto parties and companies downloaded a bunch parties and companies downloaded a bunch parties and companies downloaded a bunch of donated a bunch of money uh to sort of donated a bunch of money uh to sort of donated a bunch of money uh to sort of pro crypto candidates and they won. of pro crypto candidates and they won. of pro crypto candidates and they won. Like that's your lever there. And you Like that's your lever there. And you Like that's your lever there. And you know there's a cryptozar or whatever know there's a cryptozar or whatever know there's a cryptozar or whatever like the like you kind of won like big like the like you kind of won like big like the like you kind of won like big changes at the SEC. they've dropped changes at the SEC. they've dropped changes at the SEC. they've dropped everything like the stuff that actually everything like the stuff that actually everything like the stuff that actually matters was basically decided around the matters was basically decided around the matters was basically decided around the time of the election. This is kind of time of the election. This is kind of time of the election. This is kind of unnecessary extraction on top. It's not unnecessary extraction on top. It's not unnecessary extraction on top. It's not like for example, you've got a super like for example, you've got a super like for example, you've got a super anti-crypto uh legislature uh and then anti-crypto uh legislature uh and then anti-crypto uh legislature uh and then you have this pathway to the president you have this pathway to the president you have this pathway to the president to try to mitigate those all those to try to mitigate those all those to try to mitigate those all those forces acting against you. It's like no, forces acting against you. It's like no, forces acting against you. It's like no, we we kind of won on that front. This is we we kind of won on that front. This is we we kind of won on that front. This is this doesn't get us anything new. And this doesn't get us anything new. And this doesn't get us anything new. And like Trump himself is like clearly like Trump himself is like clearly like Trump himself is like clearly uninterested. uh you know he showed up uninterested. uh you know he showed up uninterested. uh you know he showed up to the dinner apparently made a few to the dinner apparently made a few to the dinner apparently made a few comments and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off as you'd expect. comments and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off as you'd expect. comments and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off as you'd expect. Uh it's just not not a real topic for Uh it's just not not a real topic for Uh it's just not not a real topic for him. But the the co the up the him. But the the co the up the him. But the the co the up the riskreward ratio of this trade to me is riskreward ratio of this trade to me is riskreward ratio of this trade to me is rubbish. Uh like the risk is that when rubbish. Uh like the risk is that when rubbish. Uh like the risk is that when Democrats come into power, they just use Democrats come into power, they just use Democrats come into power, they just use it as leverage to triply [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crypto. it as leverage to triply [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crypto. it as leverage to triply [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crypto. And the reward to me is unclear because And the reward to me is unclear because And the reward to me is unclear because all the vast majority of the rewards all the vast majority of the rewards all the vast majority of the rewards were accured at the point of winning the were accured at the point of winning the were accured at the point of winning the election versus whatever marginal pro- election versus whatever marginal pro- election versus whatever marginal pro- crypto support you get from Trump at crypto support you get from Trump at crypto support you get from Trump at this point. Like I don't I don't like this point. Like I don't I don't like this point. Like I don't I don't like it. Um, maybe it's considering where I it. Um, maybe it's considering where I it. Um, maybe it's considering where I grew up and all the Soviet Union grew up and all the Soviet Union grew up and all the Soviet Union influence, etc., but I didn't like this influence, etc., but I didn't like this influence, etc., but I didn't like this type of apparatus. Um, anyway, there type of apparatus. Um, anyway, there type of apparatus. Um, anyway, there goes the viewership on politics. Yeah. goes the viewership on politics. Yeah. goes the viewership on politics. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Classic European takes. Classic European Classic European takes. Classic European Classic European takes. Classic European takes. Yes. Uh, and look, I I just also takes. Yes. Uh, and look, I I just also takes. Yes. Uh, and look, I I just also don't think if you if you to ask the don't think if you if you to ask the don't think if you if you to ask the average like Trump supporter or Trump average like Trump supporter or Trump average like Trump supporter or Trump voter, whatever, and I think most voter, whatever, and I think most voter, whatever, and I think most reasonable people would agree that like reasonable people would agree that like reasonable people would agree that like no matter what side you're on, no matter what side you're on, no matter what side you're on, Washington is a massive swamp laden with Washington is a massive swamp laden with Washington is a massive swamp laden with like insider dealing and conflicts of like insider dealing and conflicts of like insider dealing and conflicts of interests and favoritism, etc. And interests and favoritism, etc. And interests and favoritism, etc. And historically at least, Trump has been historically at least, Trump has been historically at least, Trump has been positioned as the guy who's supposed to positioned as the guy who's supposed to positioned as the guy who's supposed to clean that out. I think his in his first clean that out. I think his in his first clean that out. I think his in his first administration and you'll find Trump administration and you'll find Trump administration and you'll find Trump supporters saying the same thing that supporters saying the same thing that supporters saying the same thing that the swamp was like overwhelming and the swamp was like overwhelming and the swamp was like overwhelming and there were a bunch of firings from the there were a bunch of firings from the there were a bunch of firings from the cabinet and just in general there's a cabinet and just in general there's a cabinet and just in general there's a bunch of wheeling and dealing. Uh this bunch of wheeling and dealing. Uh this bunch of wheeling and dealing. Uh this is a great example of like swamp is a great example of like swamp is a great example of like swamp infrastructure, you know. Uh there's infrastructure, you know. Uh there's infrastructure, you know. Uh there's this cryptozar and then his sons have this cryptozar and then his sons have this cryptozar and then his sons have world liberty. World libertify are world liberty. World libertify are world liberty. World libertify are making deals with like other projects making deals with like other projects making deals with like other projects for tokens. Then there's like a Trump for tokens. Then there's like a Trump for tokens. Then there's like a Trump coin that grants you access and then coin that grants you access and then coin that grants you access and then like it's just unnecessary and it like it's just unnecessary and it like it's just unnecessary and it doesn't look good uh in my view anyway. doesn't look good uh in my view anyway. doesn't look good uh in my view anyway. Um but on the upside, Don, Similar Um but on the upside, Don, Similar Um but on the upside, Don, Similar Scientific Bitcoin holdings surpass Scientific Bitcoin holdings surpass Scientific Bitcoin holdings surpass 4,000 BTC with latest purchase. So an 4,000 BTC with latest purchase. So an 4,000 BTC with latest purchase. So an upsider. Yeah, I know. Corporate upsider. Yeah, I know. Corporate upsider. Yeah, I know. Corporate holdings, there's a really nice chart holdings, there's a really nice chart holdings, there's a really nice chart from the block. Obviously, Micro from the block. Obviously, Micro from the block. Obviously, Micro Strategy is like massive at Strategy is like massive at Strategy is like massive at 62.3 billion. Marathon is already up to 62.3 billion. Marathon is already up to 62.3 billion. Marathon is already up to five, Riot has two, Galaxy is running five, Riot has two, Galaxy is running five, Riot has two, Galaxy is running one, and not all of these are obviously one, and not all of these are obviously one, and not all of these are obviously Bitcoin type strategies, but like a lot Bitcoin type strategies, but like a lot Bitcoin type strategies, but like a lot of them are growing very quickly. Like of them are growing very quickly. Like of them are growing very quickly. Like MetaPlanet is almost up to a billion, MetaPlanet is almost up to a billion, MetaPlanet is almost up to a billion, etc. So, I don't think I I think etc. So, I don't think I I think etc. So, I don't think I I think copycatting behavior in general just copycatting behavior in general just copycatting behavior in general just sort of lends credibility to the sort of lends credibility to the sort of lends credibility to the argument that this is where the next argument that this is where the next argument that this is where the next credit bubble is forming uh and where credit bubble is forming uh and where credit bubble is forming uh and where the systemic risk will come from. Um, the systemic risk will come from. Um, the systemic risk will come from. Um, and I think it might not be super and I think it might not be super and I think it might not be super bullish micro strategy if you get a lot bullish micro strategy if you get a lot bullish micro strategy if you get a lot of these copycats because their their of these copycats because their their of these copycats because their their moat arguably gets a bit eroded. Not moat arguably gets a bit eroded. Not moat arguably gets a bit eroded. Not their financial position. I think that their financial position. I think that their financial position. I think that there are some lindy benefits there. Uh there are some lindy benefits there. Uh there are some lindy benefits there. Uh but just in general like the whole idea but just in general like the whole idea but just in general like the whole idea of getting exposure to BTC which used to of getting exposure to BTC which used to of getting exposure to BTC which used to be the primary driver of inflows to be the primary driver of inflows to be the primary driver of inflows to micro strategy with ETFs and force micro strategy with ETFs and force micro strategy with ETFs and force that's reduced by a fair bit. I think that's reduced by a fair bit. I think that's reduced by a fair bit. I think it's additionally reduced by these other it's additionally reduced by these other it's additionally reduced by these other vehicles and instruments offering vehicles and instruments offering vehicles and instruments offering access. Uh a lot of this is to do with access. Uh a lot of this is to do with access. Uh a lot of this is to do with like the with option strategy strategies like the with option strategy strategies like the with option strategy strategies based around micro strategy stock based around micro strategy stock based around micro strategy stock volatility. Uh but there's also kind of volatility. Uh but there's also kind of volatility. Uh but there's also kind of a dampening effect there going on as a dampening effect there going on as a dampening effect there going on as different financial products have different financial products have different financial products have started to surface not just on the call started to surface not just on the call started to surface not just on the call side but also on the put side like yeah side but also on the put side like yeah side but also on the put side like yeah I I I'm I think this is the next thing I I I'm I think this is the next thing I I I'm I think this is the next thing personally uh you know every cycle has personally uh you know every cycle has personally uh you know every cycle has like a big kind of oh looking back on like a big kind of oh looking back on like a big kind of oh looking back on this widow maker type of mechanism or this widow maker type of mechanism or this widow maker type of mechanism or where a lot of the leverage and super where a lot of the leverage and super where a lot of the leverage and super gambling type stuff uh tends to converge gambling type stuff uh tends to converge gambling type stuff uh tends to converge like it was anchor protocol and it was like it was anchor protocol and it was like it was anchor protocol and it was FTX and it was GBTC and you know 2021 FTX and it was GBTC and you know 2021 FTX and it was GBTC and you know 2021 was crazy because you had several. I was crazy because you had several. I was crazy because you had several. I think if we follow a similar credit think if we follow a similar credit think if we follow a similar credit expansion route uh through 2024 into expansion route uh through 2024 into expansion route uh through 2024 into 2025, it's going to be these 2025, it's going to be these 2025, it's going to be these rehypothecating public strategy BTC rehypothecating public strategy BTC rehypothecating public strategy BTC buyers in my mind. And I can't think of buyers in my mind. And I can't think of buyers in my mind. And I can't think of anything else that has a has similar anything else that has a has similar anything else that has a has similar momentum, similar impact or similar momentum, similar impact or similar momentum, similar impact or similar mechanisms. Like it might emerge in the mechanisms. Like it might emerge in the mechanisms. Like it might emerge in the middle of the cycle, some crazy looping, middle of the cycle, some crazy looping, middle of the cycle, some crazy looping, rehypothecation, staking, whatever rehypothecation, staking, whatever rehypothecation, staking, whatever leverage on top of leverage squared uh leverage on top of leverage squared uh leverage on top of leverage squared uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But for the time being, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But for the time being, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But for the time being, I think the closest and best thing best think the closest and best thing best think the closest and best thing best thing uh we have is this uh public BTC thing uh we have is this uh public BTC thing uh we have is this uh public BTC strategy uh meta. What do you think? strategy uh meta. What do you think? strategy uh meta. What do you think? Yeah, I I'm not I'm from a trader Yeah, I I'm not I'm from a trader Yeah, I I'm not I'm from a trader perspective, I'm a big fan from like a perspective, I'm a big fan from like a perspective, I'm a big fan from like a just general uh market commentator like just general uh market commentator like just general uh market commentator like slash just a crypto fan of sorts. I'm slash just a crypto fan of sorts. I'm slash just a crypto fan of sorts. I'm I'm not liking it. This is going to end I'm not liking it. This is going to end I'm not liking it. This is going to end the same way. Yeah, we've seen it the same way. Yeah, we've seen it the same way. Yeah, we've seen it before. I think that the chance that before. I think that the chance that before. I think that the chance that this blows up is like 90. To me, it's this blows up is like 90. To me, it's this blows up is like 90. To me, it's 99%. Like that. I'd be shocked if this 99%. Like that. I'd be shocked if this 99%. Like that. I'd be shocked if this doesn't blow up in the next like what doesn't blow up in the next like what doesn't blow up in the next like what like five years. The question is how like five years. The question is how like five years. The question is how high does it run first and then where high does it run first and then where high does it run first and then where does it drop to, right? Like let's say does it drop to, right? Like let's say does it drop to, right? Like let's say we get we get this leverage expansion we get we get this leverage expansion we get we get this leverage expansion and like the the entire market giga and like the the entire market giga and like the the entire market giga rallies and Bitcoin runs to like rallies and Bitcoin runs to like rallies and Bitcoin runs to like 300,000 uh and then it collapses to like 300,000 uh and then it collapses to like 300,000 uh and then it collapses to like 80. Like that's the huge bubble burst, 80. Like that's the huge bubble burst, 80. Like that's the huge bubble burst, right? that I mean 80k is still a lot in right? that I mean 80k is still a lot in right? that I mean 80k is still a lot in comparison to where it's right now. Like comparison to where it's right now. Like comparison to where it's right now. Like that's just like a 20% pullback from that's just like a 20% pullback from that's just like a 20% pullback from where we are right now. But I think where we are right now. But I think where we are right now. But I think that's kind of like the the realm of that's kind of like the the realm of that's kind of like the the realm of what we're talking about, right? Like what we're talking about, right? Like what we're talking about, right? Like this thing goes to 200k and then pulls this thing goes to 200k and then pulls this thing goes to 200k and then pulls back to 100, 90, 80. Like that's I think back to 100, 90, 80. Like that's I think back to 100, 90, 80. Like that's I think possible with this kind of like garbage possible with this kind of like garbage possible with this kind of like garbage action where a bunch of people basically action where a bunch of people basically action where a bunch of people basically just buy or a bunch of companies buy a just buy or a bunch of companies buy a just buy or a bunch of companies buy a bunch of Bitcoin um and bet on the fact bunch of Bitcoin um and bet on the fact bunch of Bitcoin um and bet on the fact that it's just always going to go up and that it's just always going to go up and that it's just always going to go up and I think that's just not the case and I think that's just not the case and I think that's just not the case and then at some point it implodes. Going to then at some point it implodes. Going to then at some point it implodes. Going to be good trading though so I'm I'm down be good trading though so I'm I'm down be good trading though so I'm I'm down for it. Uh this just how the market is for it. Uh this just how the market is for it. Uh this just how the market is set up and stopping it is impossible set up and stopping it is impossible set up and stopping it is impossible anyway. Yes. Um, we talked about GBTC anyway. Yes. Um, we talked about GBTC anyway. Yes. Um, we talked about GBTC and how that was like a like it was just and how that was like a like it was just and how that was like a like it was just an odd thing like how that was an odd thing like how that was an odd thing like how that was structured, but it doesn't really structured, but it doesn't really structured, but it doesn't really matter. We talked about Luna before it matter. We talked about Luna before it matter. We talked about Luna before it imploded. Yeah. Uh, very vocally um both imploded. Yeah. Uh, very vocally um both imploded. Yeah. Uh, very vocally um both of us called it kind of like of us called it kind of like of us called it kind of like unsustainable. Um, doesn't really matter unsustainable. Um, doesn't really matter unsustainable. Um, doesn't really matter to the market, right? Like we can say to the market, right? Like we can say to the market, right? Like we can say whatever we want when nobody's. But it's whatever we want when nobody's. But it's whatever we want when nobody's. But it's great trading. So yeah. So like you we great trading. So yeah. So like you we great trading. So yeah. So like you we can say whatever we want. I I can tell can say whatever we want. I I can tell can say whatever we want. I I can tell you guys that I think this is gonna you guys that I think this is gonna you guys that I think this is gonna implode at some point, but it's not implode at some point, but it's not implode at some point, but it's not gonna change the fact that it's probably gonna change the fact that it's probably gonna change the fact that it's probably gonna run. Yes. Before the trade isn't gonna run. Yes. Before the trade isn't gonna run. Yes. Before the trade isn't like, oh, this will implode, therefore I like, oh, this will implode, therefore I like, oh, this will implode, therefore I will short it now. That's how you get will short it now. That's how you get will short it now. That's how you get Bit for next, you know? Yeah. Legit like Bit for next, you know? Yeah. Legit like Bit for next, you know? Yeah. Legit like exactly 100%. This is how you how you exactly 100%. This is how you how you exactly 100%. This is how you how you sit in a position and then see everyone sit in a position and then see everyone sit in a position and then see everyone else make money. You lose everything. else make money. You lose everything. else make money. You lose everything. You're going to be eventually right, but You're going to be eventually right, but You're going to be eventually right, but you could be like maybe the low is going you could be like maybe the low is going you could be like maybe the low is going to be 110K, right? like this thing runs to be 110K, right? like this thing runs to be 110K, right? like this thing runs and then pulls back to 110K and you and then pulls back to 110K and you and then pulls back to 110K and you shorted at 110K got liquidated and then shorted at 110K got liquidated and then shorted at 110K got liquidated and then you're right but the lowest points at you're right but the lowest points at you're right but the lowest points at what cost? Yeah. Yeah. Like it's just what cost? Yeah. Yeah. Like it's just what cost? Yeah. Yeah. Like it's just and I think that's a dangerous way to go and I think that's a dangerous way to go and I think that's a dangerous way to go about it. Dude, if anything you should about it. Dude, if anything you should about it. Dude, if anything you should start on the other leg like oh there's start on the other leg like oh there's start on the other leg like oh there's like price insensitive fraud going on. like price insensitive fraud going on. like price insensitive fraud going on. How do I line myself up with this while How do I line myself up with this while How do I line myself up with this while the while it's there? Um yeah, from from the while it's there? Um yeah, from from the while it's there? Um yeah, from from a trader brain perspective, from a a trader brain perspective, from a a trader brain perspective, from a trader perspective, from an investor trader perspective, from an investor trader perspective, from an investor perspective, I think this should turn perspective, I think this should turn perspective, I think this should turn off most sensible investors. Um off most sensible investors. Um off most sensible investors. Um depending on their time horizon, depending on their time horizon, depending on their time horizon, depending on the time horizon. Yeah. But depending on the time horizon. Yeah. But depending on the time horizon. Yeah. But I don't think this the problem and the I don't think this the problem and the I don't think this the problem and the reason why I'm so certain it's going to reason why I'm so certain it's going to reason why I'm so certain it's going to blow up, right? Um is basically, and blow up, right? Um is basically, and blow up, right? Um is basically, and this is something we've seen in crypto a this is something we've seen in crypto a this is something we've seen in crypto a lot, basically the moment you start lot, basically the moment you start lot, basically the moment you start seeing copycats of like a of of a of a seeing copycats of like a of of a of a seeing copycats of like a of of a of a way to do things. Yeah. way to do things. Yeah. way to do things. Yeah. um and those copycats get rewarded, um and those copycats get rewarded, um and those copycats get rewarded, you're going to get infinitely more you're going to get infinitely more you're going to get infinitely more copycats and those copycats are going to copycats and those copycats are going to copycats and those copycats are going to get more. And basically, you're going to get more. And basically, you're going to get more. And basically, you're going to add leverage and you're going to add add leverage and you're going to add add leverage and you're going to add size to these copy cats until it size to these copy cats until it size to these copy cats until it implodes. Like just by the nature of of implodes. Like just by the nature of of implodes. Like just by the nature of of human beings in crypto just not being human beings in crypto just not being human beings in crypto just not being able to see that something is able to see that something is able to see that something is overheating. If anything, they're seeing overheating. If anything, they're seeing overheating. If anything, they're seeing the potential that is there to make even the potential that is there to make even the potential that is there to make even more money and they're seeing the other more money and they're seeing the other more money and they're seeing the other people make money. So they feel like people make money. So they feel like people make money. So they feel like they're owed that money too. So they're owed that money too. So they're owed that money too. So basically the problem might be small now basically the problem might be small now basically the problem might be small now but the more successful these are and but the more successful these are and but the more successful these are and the only way that they are successful is the only way that they are successful is the only way that they are successful is by the market just generally going up. by the market just generally going up. by the market just generally going up. Um the more successful they are the Um the more successful they are the Um the more successful they are the worse the problem becomes. Yeah. And worse the problem becomes. Yeah. And worse the problem becomes. Yeah. And then um I don't think there's any world then um I don't think there's any world then um I don't think there's any world in which this doesn't just spiral out of in which this doesn't just spiral out of in which this doesn't just spiral out of control. control. control. uh if the copycats are also successful uh if the copycats are also successful uh if the copycats are also successful and we've seen this cycle and cycle and we've seen this cycle and cycle and we've seen this cycle and cycle again. It's the same everything, dude. again. It's the same everything, dude. again. It's the same everything, dude. Yeah. NFTs, yield farming, D. It's Yeah. NFTs, yield farming, D. It's Yeah. NFTs, yield farming, D. It's anything that isn't regulated, right? anything that isn't regulated, right? anything that isn't regulated, right? Like and I mean it's fair enough, right? Like and I mean it's fair enough, right? Like and I mean it's fair enough, right? Like it's just human behavior. Like we Like it's just human behavior. Like we Like it's just human behavior. Like we just behave in bubbles, right? Like we just behave in bubbles, right? Like we just behave in bubbles, right? Like we just want that. And then you have just want that. And then you have just want that. And then you have regulations that like sometimes help regulations that like sometimes help regulations that like sometimes help stop it oftentimes just make make it stop it oftentimes just make make it stop it oftentimes just make make it even more yeah like convoluted and just even more yeah like convoluted and just even more yeah like convoluted and just confusing but don't really solve confusing but don't really solve confusing but don't really solve anything. So incentivize it if anything anything. So incentivize it if anything anything. So incentivize it if anything right like a lot of the GBTC stuff was right like a lot of the GBTC stuff was right like a lot of the GBTC stuff was from US people being unable to get from US people being unable to get from US people being unable to get exposure to BTC because it's done exposure to BTC because it's done exposure to BTC because it's done poorly. Yeah. You try to prevent the poorly. Yeah. You try to prevent the poorly. Yeah. You try to prevent the bubble and you do it poorly, you're bubble and you do it poorly, you're bubble and you do it poorly, you're going to make it 100% 100%. Oh well, who going to make it 100% 100%. Oh well, who going to make it 100% 100%. Oh well, who knows? I mean, I it's kind of the end. knows? I mean, I it's kind of the end. knows? I mean, I it's kind of the end. You know the end of the movie, but you You know the end of the movie, but you You know the end of the movie, but you don't know how long it's going to take don't know how long it's going to take don't know how long it's going to take and what happens as part of the plot, and what happens as part of the plot, and what happens as part of the plot, you know, like, oh, that guy is 100% his you know, like, oh, that guy is 100% his you know, like, oh, that guy is 100% his dad or something or like there's going dad or something or like there's going dad or something or like there's going big reveal and this guy is a good guy big reveal and this guy is a good guy big reveal and this guy is a good guy all along. But all the twists and turns all along. But all the twists and turns all along. But all the twists and turns in betweens in between. God, God knows. in betweens in between. God, God knows. in betweens in between. God, God knows. Um, major US banks and early talks for Um, major US banks and early talks for Um, major US banks and early talks for J. Yeah, let me try that again. Major US J. Yeah, let me try that again. Major US J. Yeah, let me try that again. Major US banks in early talks for joint stable banks in early talks for joint stable banks in early talks for joint stable coin venture. Uh, and these some pretty coin venture. Uh, and these some pretty coin venture. Uh, and these some pretty big boys coming in. JP Morgan, Bank of big boys coming in. JP Morgan, Bank of big boys coming in. JP Morgan, Bank of America, Cityroup, and other major US America, Cityroup, and other major US America, Cityroup, and other major US banks were in early discussions to form banks were in early discussions to form banks were in early discussions to form a potential consortium to launch a a potential consortium to launch a a potential consortium to launch a stable coin. Um, okay. I'm so bullish stable coin. Um, okay. I'm so bullish stable coin. Um, okay. I'm so bullish stable coins, man. I know. USDC to stable coins, man. I know. USDC to stable coins, man. I know. USDC to $2. I mean, no, I mean, I think good $2. I mean, no, I mean, I think good $2. I mean, no, I mean, I think good luck on doing the USDT moat. They are luck on doing the USDT moat. They are luck on doing the USDT moat. They are they are so ingrained in crypto. They they are so ingrained in crypto. They they are so ingrained in crypto. They have so much trust. They're so battle have so much trust. They're so battle have so much trust. They're so battle tested. Uh they're good at like even law tested. Uh they're good at like even law tested. Uh they're good at like even law enforcement adherence and freezing enforcement adherence and freezing enforcement adherence and freezing stolen funds. Way better than Circle. stolen funds. Way better than Circle. stolen funds. Way better than Circle. Way more responsive. They're also like Way more responsive. They're also like Way more responsive. They're also like the one of the most profitable I mean the one of the most profitable I mean the one of the most profitable I mean per employee they're the most profitable per employee they're the most profitable per employee they're the most profitable company in the world. Yeah, I'm pretty company in the world. Yeah, I'm pretty company in the world. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. And they just they're also they sure. And they just they're also they sure. And they just they're also they surpass Germany in in US Treasury. Yeah, surpass Germany in in US Treasury. Yeah, surpass Germany in in US Treasury. Yeah, they're like a country. It's basically a they're like a country. It's basically a they're like a country. It's basically a country in terms of how much how many country in terms of how much how many country in terms of how much how many dollars they have. The only way it could dollars they have. The only way it could dollars they have. The only way it could go wrong for them is if the stable coin go wrong for them is if the stable coin go wrong for them is if the stable coin regulation that comes through ends up regulation that comes through ends up regulation that comes through ends up being like ju just they try to regulate being like ju just they try to regulate being like ju just they try to regulate them out of existence. But I think them out of existence. But I think them out of existence. But I think Tether's like too big for that. Yeah. I Tether's like too big for that. Yeah. I Tether's like too big for that. Yeah. I haven't too much money. Yeah. Too much haven't too much money. Yeah. Too much haven't too much money. Yeah. Too much money. I I I I don't want to step on on money. I I I I don't want to step on on money. I I I I don't want to step on on the Trump fans toes again after what I the Trump fans toes again after what I the Trump fans toes again after what I said earlier, but I think they have so said earlier, but I think they have so said earlier, but I think they have so much money that they can can buy their much money that they can can buy their much money that they can can buy their way out of it. Um, as long as Trump is way out of it. Um, as long as Trump is way out of it. Um, as long as Trump is president with Democrats, I think like president with Democrats, I think like president with Democrats, I think like in in in three years, four years, I I in in in three years, four years, I I in in in three years, four years, I I see a chance. Like if the Democrats win see a chance. Like if the Democrats win see a chance. Like if the Democrats win the presidency, I then I'd be like more the presidency, I then I'd be like more the presidency, I then I'd be like more worried for the dominance of Tether. But worried for the dominance of Tether. But worried for the dominance of Tether. But I think under Trump, I I just don't see I think under Trump, I I just don't see I think under Trump, I I just don't see it. Like they they're too rich. The it. Like they they're too rich. The it. Like they they're too rich. The Tether guys are too rich, have too much Tether guys are too rich, have too much Tether guys are too rich, have too much influence. Um, the only way to shut them influence. Um, the only way to shut them influence. Um, the only way to shut them down, I think, would be by like an down, I think, would be by like an down, I think, would be by like an ideology more so than like, yeah, more ideology more so than like, yeah, more ideology more so than like, yeah, more so than just, oh yeah, we need to like so than just, oh yeah, we need to like so than just, oh yeah, we need to like it's just no competition. They're too it's just no competition. They're too it's just no competition. They're too rich. They're too too crypto to Yeah, rich. They're too too crypto to Yeah, rich. They're too too crypto to Yeah, they're everything. Um, yeah, Safe Moon they're everything. Um, yeah, Safe Moon they're everything. Um, yeah, Safe Moon CEO found guilty of crypto fraud. Faces CEO found guilty of crypto fraud. Faces CEO found guilty of crypto fraud. Faces up to 45 years in prison. Um, that's up to 45 years in prison. Um, that's up to 45 years in prison. Um, that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Crazy. Uh, Safe Moon was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Crazy. Uh, Safe Moon was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Crazy. Uh, Safe Moon was an insane cult back in the day as well. an insane cult back in the day as well. an insane cult back in the day as well. I cannot believe that stuck around for I cannot believe that stuck around for I cannot believe that stuck around for so long. Like every other like every day so long. Like every other like every day so long. Like every other like every day that that kept going, I was like, "How that that kept going, I was like, "How that that kept going, I was like, "How is this still going?" Like everyone is this still going?" Like everyone is this still going?" Like everyone knows this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this a scam. But the knows this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this a scam. But the knows this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this a scam. But the thing is that had insane normie reach as thing is that had insane normie reach as thing is that had insane normie reach as well. Like the people on the Twitter well. Like the people on the Twitter well. Like the people on the Twitter were like, "Hey, this seems really dumb. were like, "Hey, this seems really dumb. were like, "Hey, this seems really dumb. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on?" And then Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on?" And then Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on?" And then to the name, dude. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I to the name, dude. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I to the name, dude. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean, it's a banger. It's like internet mean, it's a banger. It's like internet mean, it's a banger. It's like internet computer protocol in terms of nominative computer protocol in terms of nominative computer protocol in terms of nominative determinism or whatever. But also, I determinism or whatever. But also, I determinism or whatever. But also, I found some of the details funny. It's found some of the details funny. It's found some of the details funny. It's like according to US prosecutors, while like according to US prosecutors, while like according to US prosecutors, while the project told investors that half of the project told investors that half of the project told investors that half of the 10% fee would be locked in liquidity the 10% fee would be locked in liquidity the 10% fee would be locked in liquidity pool, uh prosecutors said that Coroni pool, uh prosecutors said that Coroni pool, uh prosecutors said that Coroni and co-conspirators fraudulently and co-conspirators fraudulently and co-conspirators fraudulently diverted millions in liquidity from the diverted millions in liquidity from the diverted millions in liquidity from the pool for personal gains. That's like a pool for personal gains. That's like a pool for personal gains. That's like a kind of how a rugpool works, right? And kind of how a rugpool works, right? And kind of how a rugpool works, right? And then this part was really funny. Uh then this part was really funny. Uh then this part was really funny. Uh while Coron claimed company executives while Coron claimed company executives while Coron claimed company executives did not hold or trade safe boom did not hold or trade safe boom did not hold or trade safe boom prosecutors said they repeatedly bought prosecutors said they repeatedly bought prosecutors said they repeatedly bought and sold cryptocurrency to make millions and sold cryptocurrency to make millions and sold cryptocurrency to make millions in listic profits which they concealed in listic profits which they concealed in listic profits which they concealed through a labyrinth of private unhosted through a labyrinth of private unhosted through a labyrinth of private unhosted wallets, transaction routing and wallets, transaction routing and wallets, transaction routing and synonymous accounts on centralized synonymous accounts on centralized synonymous accounts on centralized exchanges. That's like basically how all exchanges. That's like basically how all exchanges. That's like basically how all the money is made in memecoins or at the money is made in memecoins or at the money is made in memecoins or at least a lot of that same behavior, least a lot of that same behavior, least a lot of that same behavior, right? Um pull LP side wallets bundling right? Um pull LP side wallets bundling right? Um pull LP side wallets bundling that that's that's the trenches, you that that's that's the trenches, you that that's that's the trenches, you know. Um, yeah. And clearly it's not know. Um, yeah. And clearly it's not know. Um, yeah. And clearly it's not very legal. very legal. very legal. Maybe that's a controversial take or Maybe that's a controversial take or Maybe that's a controversial take or whatever, but there's just things don't whatever, but there's just things don't whatever, but there's just things don't change, right? It was safe moon in 2021, change, right? It was safe moon in 2021, change, right? It was safe moon in 2021, trench in 2025 and 2024. But a lot of trench in 2025 and 2024. But a lot of trench in 2025 and 2024. But a lot of this like promise one thing and then this like promise one thing and then this like promise one thing and then when when you actually get liquidity when when you actually get liquidity when when you actually get liquidity and if anything, it's become more and if anything, it's become more and if anything, it's become more sophisticated. I think the thing is, sophisticated. I think the thing is, sophisticated. I think the thing is, sorry, the thing that always confuses me sorry, the thing that always confuses me sorry, the thing that always confuses me with these things is that they didn't with these things is that they didn't with these things is that they didn't even need to to do those all these even need to to do those all these even need to to do those all these promises. they had already won, you promises. they had already won, you promises. they had already won, you know, like no one really gave a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know, like no one really gave a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know, like no one really gave a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they gave those promises. They were that they gave those promises. They were that they gave those promises. They were they're rallying way before those they're rallying way before those they're rallying way before those promises were made, but they just had to promises were made, but they just had to promises were made, but they just had to like go all in on the fraud instead of like go all in on the fraud instead of like go all in on the fraud instead of just counting their win. Like I'm always just counting their win. Like I'm always just counting their win. Like I'm always confused when people just do like they confused when people just do like they confused when people just do like they they make promises that they're not they make promises that they're not they make promises that they're not keeping instead of like and I think a keeping instead of like and I think a keeping instead of like and I think a lot of the meme coins do this lot of the meme coins do this lot of the meme coins do this differently nowadays. They don't just differently nowadays. They don't just differently nowadays. They don't just give any promises. They just like I'm a give any promises. They just like I'm a give any promises. They just like I'm a meme coin. I'm going to rug you. It's meme coin. I'm going to rug you. It's meme coin. I'm going to rug you. It's very different story. But back then, very different story. But back then, very different story. But back then, like there was still these kind of like there was still these kind of like there was still these kind of promises and people were still stupid. promises and people were still stupid. promises and people were still stupid. But 45 years, it's kind of wild. I mean, But 45 years, it's kind of wild. I mean, But 45 years, it's kind of wild. I mean, I'm all for it. I'm all for it. But, um, I'm all for it. I'm all for it. But, um, I'm all for it. I'm all for it. But, um, throwing your life away because you're throwing your life away because you're throwing your life away because you're making stupid promises on a coin that making stupid promises on a coin that making stupid promises on a coin that would have gone up even without those would have gone up even without those would have gone up even without those promises. That's a little bit promises. That's a little bit promises. That's a little bit embarrassing. Uh, unsafe moon for sure. embarrassing. Uh, unsafe moon for sure. embarrassing. Uh, unsafe moon for sure. Um, that's that's all I had. I think Um, that's that's all I had. I think Um, that's that's all I had. I think it's a pretty pretty long episode. it's a pretty pretty long episode. it's a pretty pretty long episode. Pretty decent summary. Also, BTC's been Pretty decent summary. Also, BTC's been Pretty decent summary. Also, BTC's been going up the entire time, so going up the entire time, so going up the entire time, so send it. That's clearly causitative as send it. That's clearly causitative as send it. That's clearly causitative as far as us pressing record and people far as us pressing record and people far as us pressing record and people deciding to buy. Um Oh, yeah. That was deciding to buy. Um Oh, yeah. That was deciding to buy. Um Oh, yeah. That was actually the pico bottom. Yeah, I know, actually the pico bottom. Yeah, I know, actually the pico bottom. Yeah, I know, right? This is the best looking 5minute right? This is the best looking 5minute right? This is the best looking 5minute chart I've ever seen in my eight years chart I've ever seen in my eight years chart I've ever seen in my eight years of trading crypto. So, I'm on the 32nd of trading crypto. So, I'm on the 32nd of trading crypto. So, I'm on the 32nd chart right now, and I like what I'm chart right now, and I like what I'm chart right now, and I like what I'm seeing. Yeah, I mean, the one minute is seeing. Yeah, I mean, the one minute is seeing. Yeah, I mean, the one minute is just vertical accumulation. OTC desks, I just vertical accumulation. OTC desks, I just vertical accumulation. OTC desks, I heard they have fewer than 40 BTC at heard they have fewer than 40 BTC at heard they have fewer than 40 BTC at this point. this point. this point. That's such a good me. The well is dry, That's such a good me. The well is dry, That's such a good me. The well is dry, bro. Such a good meme. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banger. bro. Such a good meme. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banger. bro. Such a good meme. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banger. Uh, cool, man. Uh, that's all from us. Uh, cool, man. Uh, that's all from us. Uh, cool, man. Uh, that's all from us. Before you click off, please leave a Before you click off, please leave a Before you click off, please leave a like on the video. Leave us a comment. like on the video. Leave us a comment. like on the video. Leave us a comment. Even though there's a bunch of spam in Even though there's a bunch of spam in Even though there's a bunch of spam in the comments, we still read all the real the comments, we still read all the real the comments, we still read all the real ones. Thank you for supporting the show. ones. Thank you for supporting the show. ones. Thank you for supporting the show. The links are available in the The links are available in the The links are available in the description below. Hope you'll have a description below. Hope you'll have a description below. Hope you'll have a fantastic weekend. Hope you didn't get fantastic weekend. Hope you didn't get fantastic weekend. Hope you didn't get faked out too hard by the No Friday faked out too hard by the No Friday faked out too hard by the No Friday Show. Here we are on Saturday and we'll Show. Here we are on Saturday and we'll Show. Here we are on Saturday and we'll see you next week. Bye-bye.