============================================================
Video: s929q_tKxlc
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: The COLLAPSE in Stock Markets Could Trigger a Powerful Signal (not seen since 2020)
Date: 2025-04-05
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3223
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:23.740278
============================================================

Hey guys, Allesia. Hope you're well. So, what a dramatic collapse and drop in the major stock markets. By the way, this was a drop that we anticipated, we expected was going to happen because if you recall about a month ago on the 8th of March, we published the video, we warned about a bigger drop to come in the major stock markets, which by the way has happened. We've seen the S&amp;P now drop from its highs. So, from its highs, the S&amp;P has now dropped about 17%. Okay? And by the way, we've seen also a dramatic drop on the Dow. on the Dow we've seen a dramatic collapse also. So what does this mean? Does this mean that the stock market is now in a bare market? Could it be that uh by breaking some important uh structural support levels for example by breaking that important uh trend line support which we talked about back in March and also by breaking these important structural support levels. Does this mean that the stock market is now in a bare market? Or or is it that the stock market is dropping so fast and so deeply that this could be a potential capitulation sign similar to what happened in the year 2020? So, which one is it? Are we in a bare market or we're getting close to a bare market or are we getting close to capitulation before a major bottom occurs? Also, what does this data tell us about the markets now that it's fallen below the 50 level? This could be quite important. So, we're going to discuss the crash in the stock markets in much more detail in this video. Join me. All right, guys. Welcome back. Now, before we dig into the chart, the stock markets here, in fact, I'm going to take a look at this particular chart of the S&amp;P here and also the Dow and also this particular data you're seeing here, which are all very important. I want to first of all just mention that I am now back in the UK. I was for a few weeks in back in the UK. I was for a few weeks in back in the UK. I was for a few weeks in Iran. So, I went to Tehran to celebrate the Persian New Year with my good friends there. And guys, let me just say it was an amazing time. If you've not been to Tehran or Iran, let me just say it's a fantastic place and great people. Again, I know that the news and the media always want to talk about negative and terrible stuff about Iran. But let me just say this, a lot of the stuff you hear, as I'm sure you know, a lot of stuff you hear in the news media about Iran are lies, propaganda, and garbage, which is why I personally like to go and visit there myself. Uh again, I'm not suggesting that you should go and visit Iran right now. Again, when it's appropriate, I highly suggest that if you want to learn and experience the real Iran or Persia for yourself, then the best way to learn about the country is actually to experience it for yourself. So that's why I just ignore a lot of the lies in the news media. And by the way, one of my favorite places that I went to was the Sha's Palace, the King's Palace, which is in central Thrron. Beautiful architecture and a lot of history within that building. So, an amazing time in Iran and I'm now back in London in the UK as I'm making this video. Let's dig into the charts now. So, I'm sure you're probably wondering, well, this particular collapse that we've seen now in the stock market surely, you're probably thinking, surely is a sign that we're now in a bare market that this could be a sign we could drop even further perhaps in the next several months into significantly lower levels. But some of you probably thinking, well, the way that it's dropping at the moment, it's so severe and so deep that actually we could be capitulating or maybe forming a bottom soon. So I want to discuss this in a bit more detail in this video. And as I mentioned, I also want to show you the significance of this particular data in a few minutes as well. First of all, let me just mention this is quite important. The first thing I want to mention is that many of you who are watching this video were prepared. You knew that this drop was going to come even before it occurred. Why? Let me just bring this back a bit so you can actually see it. Back on the 8th of March, about a month ago, as you recall, right there before this major dramatic collapse occurred right about there, I put out a video with my good friend Manuel BL, the Dow Theory.com, and we warned we warned of a bigger drop to come likely in the stock market about a further 11% drop in the stock market based on what's called a Dow theory bearish signal or a Dow theory sell signal. So essentially, this was when I put out the video, okay? And this was our warning at the time about a month ago. Let's have a very quick watch of what we said at the time. The warning we gave will come back. What is this warning signal? What does it mean? Well, we got on March 3rd uh Dow theory sell signal. D theory sell signal. Yes, sometimes referred to as a Dow theory bearish signal. And you can see that the average decline after a Dory sell signal is a further 11.22%. So it means that there is still significant on average downward price action. So when we get a sell, there is still lots of room for the stock market to fall. Furthermore, more important, the probability of a bare market following a Dor cell is 60%. In other words, when you get a sell signal, 60% of the time it will be followed by a bare a real bare market, the real thing. So, this is really a a big warning sign. All right, guys. Thanks for watching that. So, as you heard, Manuel Blly correctly said that after a Dow theory bearish signal occurred, which by the way, as we see, uh it broke key trend line support and also structural support. So both of these and the Dow theory bearish signal were essentially warning us of a much bigger drop and as Manuel Bllye said the high probability is that there could be a further 11% drop in the stock market after a Dow theory bearish signal and if you look if you actually measure it at the time of the Dow theory bearish signal which occurred here on the 4th of March and then you draw it down. Okay, if we just have a look down here yeah the market has indeed the S&amp;P has indeed dropped down. Yeah, there we go. uh by at least a further 11%. Yeah, there you go. So, to the lows that we made uh recently last week, that is at least over 11%. By the way, I gave the same warning in my members video on the 9th of March. Here's a clip because after a Dow Theory bearish signal, the odds increase for a potential minus 16% drop and even an 11% drop on the S&amp;P that would indeed take it down likely into this range. So, a minus 11% drop on the S&amp;P could mean that we actually could potentially drop down into these lower levels. I would say anywhere from between 5,200 to potentially 5,160 to potentially 5,130. All right, guys. As you heard, both Manuel Bllye and I were warning of a potential bigger drop to come in the major stock markets, taking us down to the lows that we actually dropped down to. As you can see uh right down here we actually broke below 5,400 that support low and we broke down below the August lows a tremendous heavy drop and as we also mentioned back in March the probability of a ban market increases by 60%. Okay as manual by also mentioned but let me just say this just because the probability of a ban market increases does not mean we are in a bare market. Manuel made this very clear about a month ago the two things are not the same. the probability of a bare market is not the same thing as being in a bare market. Okay, my personal view is that if the S&amp;P continues to further decline, if we see a continuation of this decline or drop in the stock market in the next few days or the next week or so, and if the S&amp;P was to take out, let's say, this red level, you see this red line on my chart right here, 4953. It's a very important support level. That's a spring low of last year. If we fall below 5,000 on the S&amp;P and close on the candle chart below 4953 and also if the Dow confirms this by closing below its supporting level also the spring lows of last year that's at 37,611. So if the Dow also closes below this level 37,611 if both levels get broken and we close below these support levels that would confirm a bare market on the S&amp;P. I should mention this has not happened as yet as we're making this video, but it's a possibility we have to consider. So, in other words, if the S&amp;P were to drop below this important key support level at 4,953 and the Dow confirms that as well, then that would likely mean we're in a bare market and that would mean the stock market here has topped. Okay, I know some people are saying, I'm sure some people are saying in the comments, well, by that time it's too late. Uh, by the time the market has fallen below into a bare market, you know, below this level, then it's already too late. The market has fallen by over 16% by nearly 20%. Guys, that is why in the video a month ago on the 8th of March, that is why we made that video and that warning that whenever there is a Dow theory bearish signal, the odds the probability of a bare market increases by 60%. So, we were warning. Okay, so we already knew at the time over a month ago when the S&amp;P was much higher at near 5,800. At the time we had advanced warning that we could be falling into a bare market and we mentioned that warning at the beginning of March. Many analysts out there completely missed that. I should say guys that there is actually one thing that could change my view or change my opinion about a bare market. Even if the stock market was to drop below these levels. So there is one important thing that could completely change things if the stock market even if the stock market was to drop below these support levels and that is capitulation. That's what I want to talk about now. So, let me first of all mention this. Let me go and show you what's going on on this chart you're seeing here. So, this is a survey of money managers sentiments. So, as I'm sure you know, money managers are no different than the dumb money. Now, take a look at this. This was a chart that I showed you when I was in Iran on the 17th of March. So, if you remember my video back from the 17th of March, I showed this chart and I said, "Look, uh, this particular data, the sentiment of money managers is not yet low. It's not low enough to show fear." Here's a very quick clip. We'll come back. So, one way to interpret this chart is perhaps to say that maybe the market has to drop further before the sentiment reading among money managers becomes to an extreme low. All right, guys. as you heard. Uh, so when I was making my video back in Iran on the 17th of March, I said, "Look, this is not low enough. It's at near 60 68 here as you can see here. So I was looking for it to drop down at least below 50%. At the time it was not below 50%. But look at this. Just recently the sentiment among money managers again also the herd dumb money has fallen below 50. Okay, that's a good sign. We're seeing more fear now. Having said that though the fear the fear level on the survey of money managers uh the sentiment is not as low as it was back in 2023 back when it fell below 25 as you see here. So in other words we're not yet at the levels we could be uh back for example in 2023 when there was a major bottom occurred in the stock market and also the lows we made in 2022 and also the major COVID crash low that occurred uh in the year 2020. You can see the sentiment among money managers. I mean, they just gave up and sold. You see that right there? So, when the crash occurred in the year 2020 with a major stock market crash, uh you can see that money managers gave up and sold and the uh the sentiment fell below 25. So, at the moment, as we're making this video, uh yeah, the sentiment among money managers is fearful. It's below 50. It's a good sign, but it's not yet at the low levels or the extreme levels of fear like we experienced several years ago like for example in 2023 in 2022 and also even the year 2020. So I would personally prefer I would prefer if the sentiment reading again the fear levels the emotional levels uh again the sentiment is not yet as fearful as we would like it to be like below 25. We're not there yet. Now we might not get there. Who knows? It's difficult to tell, but it'll be interesting to see if the sentiment reading among money managers were were to fall a bit more deeper, lower to levels of extreme fear and pessimism where they just give up and essentially get out of the market. And by the way, that would signal potentially capitulation. And again, as far as we can tell here on this chart, we're not there yet. So that's one particular factor I'm watching. By the way, one other thing I want to mention here. I think these gaps that we're forming now on the S&amp;P. You see these massive gaps that are forming uh on the chart of the S&amp;P right over here near 5,400 and also near here just under 5600. I think these will get filled. I think on the balance of probabilities uh I think it's quite probable quite likely that these gaps over here could get filled in the next uh several days and weeks. Uh again, it's not a certainty. It's not a guarantee, but I think there's a higher probability that the next bounce or major rally could go back up and fill these gaps in the next several weeks. The other factor I'm watching is we see a bigger decline. We if this decline and this drop this significant collapse we're seeing right now in the stock market if this continues with this immense pressure with such quick speed again if we see a bigger drop in both the S&amp;P and the Dow okay again with speed it could potentially reach a level of capitulation similar to what happened in the year 2020 in the COVID crash. Okay, you can see there how the market just kept dropping, crashing really hard until finally the money managers gave up and they exited and then we saw capitulation and then boom, what happened? The market bounced back and then rally to new all-time highs. So, it could be that that is what potentially may happen to the stock market in the next uh several days and weeks if we get capitulation. Let me just say this guys, we have not yet reached levels of capitulation. Now, if you want to know what capitulation is according to Manuel Blly's exact parameters and formula, go ahead and read Manuel Blly's newsletter. Uh, I think it's going to be interesting. Go ahead and read that and also watch my members video on Sunday, which will I'll go into this in much more detail on Sunday in the members video. So, the the key question now is the key question is is the market going to fall below these levels which would trigger a bare market or whether we're going to see capitulation. Let me just mention one thing which is quite important. Manuel Bllye also mentioned recently that if capitulation occurs at the same time or after a bare market signal, we can ignore the bare market signal. In other words, the bare market signal gets cancelled and a capitulation signal the capitulation signal would win. Okay? So I'm hoping that's not confusing anybody. But all I'm saying is if we get let me just write this down here. So if we get uh capitulation I'm sorry for my handwriting here. If we get capitulation, okay, in combination with a bare market signal, what that means is we can actually ignore we can ignore the bare market signal that gets canceled. Okay? And we can just focus on the capitulation sign which would be bullish. So just remember uh capitulation if we get a capitulation signal which hasn't yet triggered that would be a bullish sign of a potential bottom. So it's going to be very interesting to see which one of these wins over. uh will it be the bare market signal and as I mentioned we haven't yet taken out these levels yet on the S&amp;P at 4953 and the levels in the Dow to trigger a bare market signal that's but that is by the way what happened that's what happened in the year 2020 in case you're interested because in the year 2020 we had both capitulation and bare market signal and therefore the capitulation signal won out and as a result we ignore the bare market signal. Uh but again it everything depends at the moment everything depends on what the stock market does in the next few days or the next week or so and that's going to be very interesting. I'm going to cover this in much more detail by the way in the Sunday members video. So watch the members video on Sunday and I'm also going to cover the chart of Bitcoin and gold in the same video on Sunday as well. And if you're not a member you can join that link you see right there. Thank you very much indeed. Bye for now.