============================================================
Video: cmvwdJgnsGo
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: Will Gold Price Drop into a Correction or Blast Higher to 3800?
Date: 2025-04-30
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3498
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:29.253009
============================================================

I respectfully disagree with you because I'm the exact opposite. Uh it's going to go to 7,000. It's going to go to 10,000. I'm actually one of the I'm actually one of those people. Usually when you get comments like this, you know that the market, you know, is becoming overheated. I think gold is having its Bitcoin 2017 moment. I'm just trying to look at the markets objectively and look at what the charts are telling me. If I have improved in the last decade and a half, it's because there's the everpresent uh present threat of somebody saying, you know, that's complete rubbish. Overbought conditions in 2006 with acceleration extreme. Then we had a pullback overbought condition 2008 with acceleration extreme and RSI, of course, we had a pullback. I'm going to go for the this time it's different which is not a great percentage thing to do but I become much more confident in this particular view I have about social media is that the more I can enrage my audience the more I know I'm on the right track. So I actually welcome it when people attack me and uh when people criticize the analyst. I always said to myself gold gets through 2000 it's you know after being in a range for two decades or whatever it was. Do not get caught on the wrong side of that. All right guys, hello and welcome. We're honored to have our special guest and indeed he's my good friend and trader Zach Mir. Uh Zach Mir by the way is by far one of the best technical analysts out there many years ago. In fact, he wrote some interesting books and very good books on technical analysis and he has a tremendous wealth of experience when it comes to the markets uh indeed gold, Bitcoin. He himself is a very passionate uh investor and trader in uh Bitcoin and crypto as well as other markets. But in this particular video, I want to talk with Zach about the chart of gold. What is uh what does Zach make of what's happening on gold, the metal? Is he bullish or is he rather bearish? We'll discuss this in this particular video. All right, guys. Join us. Okay, welcome back. Zack, how are you? By the way, before we go on to the chart of gold, uh how are you? You good? As good as gold. Yeah. Okay, great. By the way, Zach, I mean, you've written about technical analysis. We were talking with you about this. Uh, but something interesting you mentioned, if you just want to cover it very briefly, is that what typically happens, I want to actually talk about this with gold, is that typically whenever markets explode and they go parabolic or the opposite, they can decline and you know, sharply drop like what happened in the stock market. So, usually at these extremes of momentum, you see a lot of hering in social, you know, in social media. And something you mentioned to me is that often people if you say something which goes against the majority opinion. So when everybody's extremely scared and you're bullish, you're the only one who's bullish. People often will attack you on on X on on Twitter or or on social media. And the opposite occurs, you know, um when markets explode and go higher and someone says, "No, I think there's going to be risk ahead. There might be a correction." Again, you'll see a lot of people piling on you and attacking you on social media. That's is that something you experience as well on X? By the way, guys, make sure you do follow Zack on his Twitter feed, on his on his X feed. Go to ZackStraders Cafe. Tremendous amount of great material that Zach uh publishes there. Do check it out. I'll put the link in the description. Zack, go ahead. Yeah. No. Um the one of the reasons I think that um been doing this 35 years but the social media age is like the last 15 16 years and actually um having the the potential of people uh sending you messages with four-letter words in them is a very good very good way of focusing your mind and making sure that you do your best to get it right. So that's a sort of I think that's one of the things that's if I've if I I've improved in the last decade and a half is because there's the everpresent uh present threat of somebody saying you know that's complete rubbish. I mean obviously I don't now and again you see as a threat you see as a threat because I think a lot of these guys honestly are um I I I prefer not to even care what they think. Uh well not I'm I'm a you know very sort of um you know caring human being. So I care about what people think of me and everything. I want to be loved and adored. Um I do. So that's so that's the thing and I like to be thought of as you know the best in town. So, uh, I in my work I try and, you know, come up with the best calls and say, you know, like I think, you know, the S&amp;P's topped out or the gold's done this and hopefully it'll be right. And, you know, if I say gold will be 34 by the end of um, next month and uh, you know, and it gets there, I feel, you know, I have a warm feeling inside. And if it doesn't, then I have a not so warm feeling inside. But I'm just saying like for instance on gold 3,400 I said you know like last month in you know so in in March I was saying you know it's a March the 20 the March the 15th you know by the end of next month it's you know 3,000 hour 3,100 go to 3,400 by the end of next month and and when it does that you know that is you know that's that that's job satisfaction. Uh I guess in this in this aspect I respectfully disagree with you because I'm the exact opposite. My personality is different uh in this you're too kind. You're a very kind guy. I can see that. um you care too much about what people think about your view or your opinion. I I am the view I am actually of the opinion in fact I've uh I become much more confident in this particular view I have about social media is that the more I can enrage my audience the more I know I'm on the right track. So I actually welcome it when people attack me and uh when people criticize the analyst. So when people attack me and they say no you're wrong that's beautiful. was perfect because it tells me I'm probably on to onto something because the majority opinion because the herd view the herd mentality view u that they think that they're right and you know I'm I'm just trying to look at the markets objectively and look at what the charts are telling me. Yeah, I the the the heckle the heckle you get, you know, that Tesla's going to 300 or it's doing this or it's doing that and somebody said, "Oh, no, Tesla's rubbish. It's, you know, Elon Musk is finished." Or, you know, something. Yeah, I've seen I've seen talks like that. It's it's it's it's always it's always a bite whenever they're always there. I mean, it's literally it's like I would say 99.9% the heckler is always wrong. So, if you write about a stock, if you write about a stock and you get heckled, you know that it's uh you know, they sort of say, "Oh, it's rubbish." You know, it's a buy. I mean, you just it's just it's baked. I didn't I don't know how it happens. I don't know who these people are. They're geniuses. They're, you know, opposite geniuses. And um it works really well. So, I I do there's a crossover in that that if there is a a troll or a heckler, um they're normally they're normally inversely spoton. Let's continue with the charts, guys, Zach, cuz I know you're pressed for time. So, Zach, what happened was I mentioned some weeks ago that I thought gold was going to have a correction. Now, of course, it went beyond slightly beyond my expectation. Uh, it went by 6% higher than where I thought we might start a correction. But I got some these comments. Look at this. Uh, people saying gold will go to 5,280 by year end. Gold will go to 4K this summer. Gold goes 7,000, 14,000. I mean, you can see these comments right over here. Usually, when you get comments like this, you know that the market, you know, is becoming overheated. you're getting a lot of uh again the herd just joining in. But as I explained last week uh sorry as I explained a few weeks ago I said look in the past whenever gold becomes extremely so this is a chart of gold in 2020 uh in that year gold became parabolic went beyond two standard deviation and we had RSI 34 setting uh extremely overbought with exploration extremes that was a major indication of risk and look what happened dropped as we can see there on the chart let me get my pen major correction down to the 21 the 34 moving averages. That's after these acceleration, sorry, the overbought conditions on RSI and indeed on the acceleration extreme. Then I showed this chart. This one here, 2006 2008, very similar situation here. Overbought conditions in 2006 with acceleration extreme. Then we had a pullback. Overbought condition 2008 with acceleration extreme and RSI of course we had a pullback. And notice each time the market then gold pulled back to uh yeah the the 21 EMA and sometimes the 34 EMA here again uh 21 EMA and the 34 EMA in 2008. Okay. By the way, every single time you had fundamentalists on social media saying no, no, the fundamentals are going to be pushing gold to uh 5,000 or things like that. This is 2011. This is a monthly chart. Look at this. We had in 2011 we can see we had gold going parabolic again right about there and look what happened just before it hit 1900 or just under 2,000 again RSI overbought and you had acceleration extreme and then we can see what happened over the next several weeks pull back to the 21 and then eventually it collapsed by fell by 45% from 2011 to indeed uh significantly lower by 2015. 15. Okay. The reason I'm showing this is because there are some exceptions as well. There was one exception here, at least couple of exceptions. In in the 70s, there was an exception. So, in the 1970s, the market ignored overbought conditions. So, despite all the overbought conditions on the RSI on the expiration stream, the market again, gold just exploded higher. So, I'm not saying every single time it's going to work out that way. There are exceptions like in the late '7s, we had situations when gold just did the opposite. It this it ignored overbought conditions. It went higher but yet eventually gold did eventually fall u after 1980. It then dropped quite severely down as we can see there. Zach, I guess my question is this. Are we in a situation like 2006, 2008, 2011 or 2020 where you had overbought conditions similar to now and then the risk of a pullback or correction increases like I think I think gold could drop down to 3,000 in the next several weeks potentially even down to 2900 2830 maybe. I think uh quite a heavy correction is what I'm looking for. Or do you think this is a situation like the 1970s where we could just explode higher and maybe go to 3600, 3,700, maybe to 4,000? Which is which is your your view? I'm more of the view that we we're seeing a correction as long as as long as we stay below 3500, the recent high. And yes, I I do realize, guys, I do realize that gold went slightly higher than what I expected. Went about 6% higher than what I anticipated. So, I I wasn't trying to call a top in my last video. What I was trying to explain was there was a high risk of a potential correction or a pullback, which is still what I'm expecting. But, Zach, what is your view? I'm going to go for the this time it's different, which is not a great percentage thing to do, but this time it's different. Uh, waited a decade and got old waiting for the big breakout in gold. It was in a range between, let's say, 1,200 or and 2,000 or 2,200. uh once the log jam is broken, I think that it's just it's caught people out. They're probably relying on gold being in, you know, near to $2,000 or $1,500, $2,000. Uh it's not, you know, the I think it's it's going to be doing a kind of Bitcoin 2017 move. And uh you pro I mean I I mean, which is bit like the uh the comments you got on on you showed at the beginning of the uh of the session. Uh it's going to get to 7,000. to get to 10,000. I'm actually one of the I'm actually one of those people. So, you're one of the people who thinks really yeah, really bullish on it. I think gold is having its Bitcoin 2017 um moment and um on that basis uh you know I have like 3,800 by the end of next month and then you know maybe 5,000 by the end of the year 10,000. It's all that I think it's going to be a major reate all. So you're seeing this more like a scenario like in the 1970s where gold just ignored overbought conditions and essentially so you're seeing 30 so you mentioned 3,800 by next end of next month I think you said yeah end of May and then you know after yeah really really bullish on the whole on the whole thing. So um but 38 you know I think if it does do 3,800 by the end of next month then I think that would be a good sign that this is this is you know this time it is different. It's a major rerate and uh it's going to do a you know bitcoin I you know you probably can't remember the move between 3,000 and uh 20,000 or whatever it did. I mean it's that it was that that kind of move in 2017. You can you can check that out. But uh uh for me that the that that uh gold I I always said to myself gold gets through 2000 it's you know after being in a range for two decades or whatever it was. Do not get caught on the wrong side of that. Sometimes with some markets it's just like do not um you know do not pass go do not collect 200 pounds. just keep going with the trend and don't even and and don't even bother trying to work out, oh, it's going to be a pull back here, pull back there, and don't look for one because it's it's like, you know, everyone's going to be caught short of that. And you don't you don't Absolutely. One of the great things I like uh doing in these videos is having someone like yourself, again, very knowledgeable uh person and also um one of one of the best technical analysts out there that I actually trust. I I like someone who has a different opinion than mine. Even though I uh again I respectfully I disagree with you. I I'm more of the view that we're going to see a correction like I so I'm more of the view that we're going to see a correction like we had in 2020, 2006, 2008 and in 2011. So I'm more of that personally. I think I'm I'm more of that. But I could be wrong. I mentioned this in my last video as well. So I could be wrong. So if so I'm going to say this in in this video. If gold was to take out the near high that we had recently at 3500, then that means I'm I'm wrong. That means my view about the correction is wrong. And that means Zach is very likely correct that we're going to go to his levels, the 3,800, I think you mentioned 4,000 by the end of the year, uh, potentially. So, yeah, put it this way, guys. If gold was to take out, if gold took out and went above the recent high of 3500, which I think at the moment I'm not expecting. I'm more of the view we're going to see a correction. So, I'm I'm more of the view we're going to see a correction down to 3,00 3,100 and potentially maybe lower levels like 2900 as well. Um, that's my view potentially in the next several weeks. Uh but if I'm wrong and if gold takes out 3500 or 3,500 the recent high that means I'm wrong and that means uh gold is going to see a 1970s sort of replay or as Zach says the Bitcoin 2017 moment when it just rallied higher parabolically to as Zach said 3,800 to 4,000. Would that be would that be correct putting it correctly there Zach? Uh more or less? Yeah. No, I I think that's I think that's fair. And um I just think that probably if there is any risk, it's to the upside, not to the downside. I'm just I'm mesmerized by the the gold hoarding and moving around and that sort of stuff like that. And then also weak dollar. Um, and uh, I suppose the only thing is that you you know that if we do get gold at 4,000 5 or 5,000 or if we do get gold at 4,000 5 or 5,000 or if we do get gold at 4,000 5 or 5,000 or whatever it is, then you might be worried that, you know, we'd all be um, in the trenches fighting a war rather than actually enjoying the gold price going up. But, uh, let's let's see. Let's see. Yeah. And the last thing I want to say here is this. Uh, and I'm saying this specifically for those trolls on social media who who love to um, uh, again ridicule and attack me and Zach in the comment section. I want to say I want to say this to my audience. I want to say this directly to my audience who watches my videos. I want to thank you very much guys for those of you because I know many of you posted many of you post great comments. I want to thank you very much for watching my videos. So I I do love and I thank my audience for watching these videos. But here's what I want to say to you. The trolls out there who post all these comments attacking me and and Zach, ask yourself this question. What do they actually provide in their commentary when they post comments? What do they actually say? Nothing of value. Me and Zach here are providing you facts. We're providing you data and evidence based on the charts. We're just essentially trying our best as objectively as possible to to essentially interpret what the charts are saying. But what are these trolls doing? Nothing at all. They're not providing anything of value. All they're doing is ridiculing and attacking the analyst. So really guys, I don't care what those trolls say. Shove it up your butt. And I don't care what those people on social media say either. Listen, if you don't like my views uh about gold or the markets, that's fine. I don't care. And we're human beings. We could be wrong. I could be wrong. Zack could be wrong. It doesn't matter. But we're doing our best. We're doing our best to provide a reliable and good analysis of the of the charts uh and on gold here uh and in the other markets, too. That's all I can say, guys. Uh before I forget, again, do check out do check out Zach's Twitter feed or X feed. That's on Zack's Traders Cafe on X.com. Go ahead, check it out. Thank you very much indeed, Zach. Really appreciate it. Thank you.