============================================================
Video: Xj5WQcy-kOA
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: Has the Stock Market Crash Triggered a CAPITULATION Signal?
Date: 2025-04-10
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3028
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:08.732976
============================================================

Hi there. Hope you're well. In this particular video, I want to draw your attention to this particular chart. The market dropped down to this important support level on the chart, the S&amp;P plus also after the crash we've seen over the last several weeks. We also had a strong bounce just yesterday as we can see here. So, the market managed to bounce. A bounce by the way we had been expecting. Also, we'll take a look at this important data by the fear and greed index. Something incredible just happened recently. Plus also this important chart which is called the capitulation indicator. Could this be indicating or telling us that we're seeing capitulation on the stock markets as the market dropped and crashed into some important key levels? Well, we shall discuss this in more detail in this particular video and this important chart here as well and what this potentially means. All right, guys. Join me. All right, guys. Welcome back. Now, in just a few minutes, I'm going to discuss with you some important charts. for example, this one and also this particular chart here and also some important data which I think are worth looking at here in regarding capitulation and the fear and greed index. Before we go on to those charts, I want to first of all start with something very important because I realize some of you watching this video right now, some people are probably thinking that the markets will not do anything until we get some kind of news about tariffs and Donald Trump's ideas and decisions about tariffs. Guys, always remember this quote from Bernard Baroo, which I think is by far one of the most important quotes you need to remember. Show me the charts and I'll tell you the news. In fact, Bernard Baroo also a great investor. He said this. He said all economic movements by their very nature are motivated by crowd psychology. He said without due recognition of crowd thinking our theories of economics leave much to be desired. So even back then a century ago there was a great investor Bernard Baroo who was telling us look it is not the news you should be thinking about that crowd psychology the charts it's the charts that tell us what's going on in the market most people today again the average person out there does not know this that's why I want to try my best to educate people about this and the reason I mention this guys is because it's hilarious that some people right now are saying in the comment section oh well we had no warning this was going to happen this crash was going to happen seriously No warning. Back on February 10th when the market was about here, I put out a video. You probably saw it. The video was called a big danger signal. There it is. A big danger signal just flashed for stock markets. Not seen for three years. And what was the major warning signal I gave on February 10th? Let's have a quick look. We'll come back. According to a recent article from Baronss, they quote Jason Gert. Jason says, "The historically good run for stocks may be coming to an end." Why? because of something called the sharp ratio. Jason Gardert is saying and warning us that the sharp ratio has peaked and is now beginning to roll over in the opposite direction. And what does that mean? Jason says that historically whenever the sharp ratio has peaked and rolling over, this means firstly the easy ride for the stock markets is coming to an end. But also we could see a lot more volatility, a lot more ups and downs in the markets. In other words, the easy period where you could just buy the dip willy-nilly on any drop in the markets may be coming to an end. And it does mean we have to become a lot more cautious about the stock markets. All right, guys. So, as you heard, even as far back as February, when the market was here, we were warning about trouble in the stock markets. That was not all. As I'm sure you know, in the interview video we did with Manuel Bllye back in March, the beginning of March, when the Dow Theory bearish signal was triggered, we gave another warning about major trouble ahead for the stock market. But here's what I said to our members on March 9th. Because after a Dow theory bearish signal, the odds increase for a potential minus 16% drop and even an 11% drop on the S&amp;P. That would indeed take it down likely into this range. I would say anywhere from between 5,200 to potentially 5,160 to potentially 5,130. All right, guys. As you heard in the video on March 9th, I warned our members that in fact the market could drop quite severely by 11% down to these levels that we dropped down to in fact near the 5,000 level, 5,200, 5,000 levels. And by the way, more recently, just a few days ago, here's something else I said to our members. The bottom line is that the markets are becoming so extremely oversold that the probability is now increasing for a strong bounce. And I should say that the next major rally and bounce in the stock market could very well come back up and fill this gap here at near 5,400. That's an open chart gap. And indeed the one here at 5,600 here as well. All right guys, as you heard that these gaps have a tendency of getting filled. Here they are. So you can see that gap right there on the chart. The market came up and as a matter of fact, this bounce filled that gap. In fact, there's another one right about here just under 5,600 here. So that gap may also get filled if we get more of a stronger bounce. Uh so there's another gap that might get filled here as well. So we've got two gaps here on the chart. The first one has now got filled as we expected and there's another one right about there that may also get filled in the next several days, potentially next few weeks. Okay, so far so good. The market is now following through with our overall expectations. But the question I'm sure you're probably thinking is okay, but have the markets finally capitulated? Have we now bottomed here in a stock market? That's what I want to talk about now. So, I want to first of all draw your attention to something incredible that I just saw recently. That's the fear and greed index. The CNN fear and greed index. I have not seen something like this probably since 2020. Now, look at this guys. The fear and greed index as per this data drop to four. So, that's one of the lowest readings we've seen on the fear and greed index. Uh yeah, I mean this was just a few days ago. So, again, showing extreme levels of fear. Guys, remember the markets are not rational, okay? They're not driven by fundamentals or news as everybody else thinks. The markets are driven by sentiment, by emotion, by the behavior, the irrational behavior of the crowd. But let me also show you this. This is also really fascinating, courtesy of Jason Gardert of Sentiment Trader. Now, he showed recently what's called a capitulation indicator, which I must admit, I didn't even know there was such a thing as a capitulation indicator. Uh but Jason essentially compiled a whole range of data as you can see here and what that shows is that the stock market the S&amp;P just fell to a region of capitulation here below the minus 4.25 25 region there and according to Jason whenever this happens this typically shows an extreme oversold uh condition which exemplifies in other words it indicates potential capitulation in the stock market and we've seen something like this before by the way for example in the year 2020 when the crash occurred in 2020 2018 when this particular indicator falls below minus 4.25 25 we typically see capitulation or indeed it shows that the market could be getting close to a likely bottom. One thing I need to mention here guys is that capitulation does not necessarily mean the bottom. I've mentioned this before but capitulation is actually more of a zone. Okay. So uh so the signal from Jason was issued on April 8th. So just a few days ago. So essentially when the market dropped down to these levels. Okay. So we have to remember guys that again even if capitulation was issued at the time capitulation by itself does not necessarily mean the bottom the market could potentially still go lower and it could still be capitulating. All right I'll give you an example of this in just a few minutes. Uh but before we go on to that let me also show you this. This is the chart of the S&amp;P futures and I noticed something just recently on the S&amp;P June futures. We saw an extreme oversold condition on the acceleration extreme, a red acceleration extreme. In fact, I showed this to my good friend Manuel Bllye as well. He found this very fascinating. So, we had red acceleration extreme. Uh, as we can see there when the market was dropping there. So, yeah, that's a very important signal. It often shows a region of potential capitulation. And by the way, take a look at this. This is the chart of the Dow Jones Transportation Average. The transportation index also as we know it's an important leading indicator. The transportation index as it crashed hard it also triggered as we can see here it flashed an extreme oversold condition and indeed a capitulation signal a potential capitulation signal on the acceleration extreme a red acceleration extreme. But let me show you this back in the year 2020 in the COVID crash of that year. Notice what happened after we got the red acceleration extreme. Okay. So notice as the market was dropping dropping here, look at this. We finally got a red acceleration extreme here on that bar there indicating a likely capitulation. Now notice that even though we got the red acceleration extreme, the market did continue to drop further lower. In fact, from the time of the capitulation signal, the red acceleration extreme, the market did continue to drop a further lower, about 8 to 10% lower. So we have to remember that capitulation does not necessarily mean the bottom. Okay, sometimes it is the bottom but sometimes price can still go a bit lower into a capitulation zone into a region of like a capitulation before finally bottoming and then finally reversing direction and going higher. So please remember guys that the word capitulation has been misunderstood by a lot of people. Capitulation does not necessarily mean the bottom. It's more of a region. It's a zone. So over here we entered more of a capitulation zone, okay, than the exact bottom before finally price reversed and moved higher. All right, let me show you another example here. This is from the year 2018. Again, we got a red extreme acceleration signal here. And I only pay attention to the red and the magenta signals. I ignore the yellow and the blue and the orange ones. I only pay attention to the red or purple magenta ones. And again, we can see that indicated a likely region of capitulation. Okay, so there it is. So in other words, that was giving us a high probability warning sign that the market could be reaching a turning point, a likely capitulation and a likely turning point or inflection point where it could potentially bottom. All right, again remember it is not the bottom that we're looking for, but more of a region, a zone. All right, and then we can see what happened afterwards. The market then rallied significantly after that. So guys, in a nutshell, I think that the with the fear and greed index falling to an extreme low of four, uh then looking at the capitulation indicator courtesy of Jason Gert also reaching a likely level of capitulation as we can see here. All right. And also with our own, let me just go to the chart with our own indication on the S&amp;P futures. Uh again, red acceleration extreme. And as I mentioned earlier in this video, the recent drop in the stock market came right down to this yellow trend line. this rising trend line going back some years. Now, we'll see if the market wants to hold this level or not. It's too early to call. All right, but we did come to an important support, the trend line, support, and the lows we made in the year uh 2024. So, it's an important and interesting level for the market to hold and bounce, which we have done. Now, let me just say this before I finish this video, which is that one day does not reverse a trend. All right, guys. Just because we've seen a very strong bounce here in the stock market like we saw yesterday, okay, this by itself, this one day bounce, okay, which occurred on Wednesday, does not by itself reverse a trend. All right, guys, or even two or three days. What we need is at least a few days. Uh, in fact, Manuel Bllye, he said to me recently that he's looking for at least five days. All right, I I'll write this down. He said he's looking for at least 5 days of strength in the stock market to to see if the market holds support. All right, so we're not there yet. We've seen barely one day, maybe two or three days holding support. That's not enough. Let's see if the market can hold this region of support, this capitulation zone. So, we need to see if the market can hold above this capitulation zone for at least 5 days. So far, it's been let's say 1 to 3 days. That's not enough. And also very importantly, we need to see if the market holds above 5,000. Also, let me show you one more thing. Let me get my Fibonacci retracement tool here. Okay. So, if we do a Fibonacci retracement from this low to this high, you can see where the Fibonacci levels are. The 38.2 the 50% to 61.8% golden ratio retracement levels here. Because after such a strong bounce and rally, we usually see a pullback. Okay, pullbacks are normal after such strong bounces. Now, we'll see if this bounce continues and fills this gap as well before we see the pullback. We'll see. But let's wait and see where the next pullback comes down to. Will the pullback be corrective or will it be impulsive? And I'll explain this more in the next member video. But the bottom line is this guys that we need to see if the next pullback on the stock market on the S&amp;P whether it can hold above uh this important region. I would say importantly the 61.8% 20% golden ratio and also 5,000 because if the next pullback drops below 5,000 and let's say 4953 here, then guess what? We're going to see another lower low into the capitulation zone. All right, remember the capitulation zone is below here uh for now anyway for this week and for the next few days. At the moment the capitulation zone is anywhere from here to even lower levels here. All right, so that's our capitulation zone. Again, it's not the bottom. It's more of a region. It's a territory or zone. So, what we have to do is be patient and let's wait and see what the next pullback in the stock market will be like. Okay. So, at the moment, as I'm making this video right now, we can see the futures. Uh the futures are down from yesterday. We're seeing uh the beginning of what may be a pullback. We shall see. What we need to see is if the next pullback, is it going to be first of all corrective or impulsive? That's the first thing. And also, will it stay above 5,000? Okay, so that's the key question. Will the next pullback will it be able to stay above 5,000? Because if it falls, if it falls below 5,4953, that means guess what? We're going to probably drop down into the capitulation zone again. But if the stock market can remain strong for a few more days, at least for 5 days from the time we reached the low here, so far it's been three days. Let's see. Let's see how the market uh finishes the week by Friday and going to the start of next week. If the market can remain strong for a further few days and stay above and stay above 5,000 uh level here, that could increase the likelihood that potentially uh we've bottomed. Let's wait and see what the market does. I should say personally that based on the data that I'm seeing right now on the charts again from everything from the as I showed to you from the capitulation indicator to the fear and greed index and the fact that the market is holding this important trend line support these are all positive and bullish signs for the stock markets. And by the way guys I'll discuss this more detail in the next member video. So guys make sure you watch my next member video on Sunday. It's going to be quite interesting. I'm going to go into more details about my potential targets and also the likely Elliot wave counts as well. So, if you're not a member, you can join that link. You see it right there. Thank you very much indeed. I look forward to see next video update. Bye for now.