============================================================
Video: -lnmZAWkOwQ
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: The Bitcoin Signal Everybody Gets WRONG (and it happened again)
Date: 2025-05-31
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2840
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:58.256532
============================================================

Hi, this is Lesie. Hope you're well. Giving you a quick update here on the chart of Bitcoin. So, it's been quite a while since I mentioned Bitcoin, but I want to talk about what's happening on this particular chart briefly and I want to show you some specific charts here. I'm going to explain to you why there's one signal out there which a lot of people out there completely misunderstand and misinterpret. We'll talk about that in this particular video in much more detail. All right, guys. Join me.  All right, guys. Welcome back. So, as you can see here, Bitcoin has had a nice run uh ever since it took out that nice resistance level, which as you may recall in my video, when Bitcoin took out this resistance at about 88K. I mentioned, as a matter of fact, that the break of this level could be very bullish uh for Bitcoin. So because of the breakthrough resistance and indeed we're above these key averages as well and the regression channel here as well the odds are higher the bottom is in. So we have now a high probability that both bitcoin and the stock markets have potentially bottomed. Uh Bitcoin had a breakout above the 21 weekly moving average break broke above resistance here as well. So it's it's it's a nice order it's a nice orderly uh push to the upside. All right, guys. I want to talk to you now about one specific signal which occurs on the charts, which a lot of people out there, I would say about 95% of people out there, especially in the YouTuber analyst community, they completely get this wrong. I've seen, for example, a lot of YouTube videos being made about this, and they pretty much explain it the wrong way. You see guys, the signal I'm talking about, as a matter of fact, I'm sure you've heard of it too, is what's called the death cross. And that's where the 50 simple moving average. So that's the uh the white line on my chart goes below the 200 simple moving average right there. And that is what's called the death cross. By the way, these are simple moving averages. And by the way, the opposite of this is what's called the golden cross. So for example, right here, when the 50 goes above the 200 moving average, so when the 50 crosses over the 200 moving average, that's what is typically referred to as the golden cross. Now, let me just say this guys that I actually do not use these kinds of signals like the death cross or the golden cross. I prefer to rely more on pullbacks to averages. So, not really using the crossovers of moving averages, but more about the pullbacks. And you will see why in just a few minutes. Hey guys, before we continue, I just want to quickly mention if you're looking for a reliable trading platform with fast execution, then look no further than Raidex Markets, who is our sponsor for this video. With Raidex, you can trade stocks, stock indices, Bitcoin, crypto, gold, currencies, and a lot more. You can apply for an account with Raidex by going to this link, which is also in the description. Thank you very much. Let's get back to the video. But guys, the amount of people out there who seem to completely misunderstand and also misuse and misinterpret these signals is immense. For example, when the when the 50 simple moving average right here, when that crossed below the 200 simple moving average, what's called a death cross, I saw a lot of YouTube videos out there. I'm sure you've seen them too saying, "Oh, there's a death cross. The sky is about to fall and nightmare is about to begin and that Bitcoin is going to drop and crash." No, no, no, guys. They're all completely wrong. You see, guys, that is why these people out there, these analysts, not analysts, these analysts, give technical analysis a bad name because they do not know how to apply technical analysis the right way. For example, if they had actually bothered to check previous examples of death crosses, they would have noticed that by the time a death cross occurs, so by the time the 50 goes below the 200 moving average, the price is already way oversold and way overstretched to the downside. Okay, by the way, this red arrow you see right there is where I put the death cross signal. Okay, so wherever you see these red arrows on my chart, that essentially is where the death cross occurred on that candle bar. Okay. And you can see by the time the death cross occurred, this is what's so hilarious about it. By the time the death cross occurs, the fact is that by that time price is about to rally or bounce or consolidate. In other words, by the time a death cross signal occurs, price usually is so overstretched to the downside. In this case, it was it was so overstretched to the downside that it was getting ready for some kind of a bounce, a pullback or a rally. So it is a very bad idea to get too bearish and negative right when the death cross signal occurs. You can see that actually was the bottom of the market. That actually was the bottom on the Bitcoin chart. And by the way, the opposite is true as well. By the time you get a golden cross signal, so by the time the opposite occurs and we get I'll do this in a different color. So by the time you get that golden cross signal as happened here, price is about to pull back which by the way it has done as you can see right there. So we have to be extremely careful about how we apply these kinds of signals. Again as I mentioned I don't really use death cross signals or golden cross signals that much. Um I personally prefer to use them in a different way and I'll explain this to you now. I give another example here. So this happened last year and you will see by the time the death cross signal occurred actually it was yeah on this candle bar right there approximately there you can see the bottom had already occurred. So price indeed was about to already bottom and stage a rally. Okay, not always, but the majority of the time, by the time a death cross signal occurs, price is so overstretched to the downside that market has already bounced or from the bottom. So, I want to explain to you how I would apply this death cross signal. Okay. Now, we'll talk about the golden cross in a different video, but I want to focus for now on the death cross signal. So the way I would apply this particular death cross signal is after the 50 simple moving average goes below the 200 moving average as occurred there on that candle bar. I would wait for a bounce or some kind of a pullback mean reversion. Okay, whatever you want to call it. So I would wait for a pullback to the averages. Okay, for example, a bounce back to the averages. It could be 21 moving average. It could be the 50. Or it could be even better. I would wait for something like uh a 10 to 20% pullback on Bitcoin. Anything from about uh 10 to 15 I actually I would say yeah 10 to 15% is probably a good idea probably even more 20% would be better and by the way you can use something called ATR average true range uh I know my good friend and trader Manuel Bllye likes to use average true range so you can also use that uh like for example two times average true range for the movement for the pullback so what degree of pullback could be two times average true range something like that. Okay, the bottom line is so I would wait first for a pullback. In other words, a mean reversion, a bounce after a death cross occurs. So for example, in this case, when it occurred in April after a death cross, I would wait for a bounce back again to 15 or 20%. Okay? And then I would wait for price to confirm a death cross signal. In other words, wait for it to confirm that it's a negative signal by taking out the prior low. In other words, I would wait and see if the price can confirm that it's a negative signal by taking out the prior low, the low that occurred before the bounce. Okay, so in a nutshell, a death cross signal on its own is not enough as most YouTuber analysts unfortunately seem to think. Let's have a look at some examples. Here's the previous one I just showed to you. So this is the death cross that occurred last year in 2024. So again, notice we had that death cross right there, okay, on that bar. So what I would do is I would wait for a bounce. Now if the bounce has already occurred, so last time last year, by the time the death cross occurred, price seemed to have already put a bottom in and then bounced. So how would we confirm this death cross signal? Very simple. We would draw a line across the lowest point, the lowest point that was a support level. So we would draw a line on that support level, the low that was formed before the bounce. And the death cross signal would only be confirmed if the price were to take out the low that formed before the bounce occurred. And again, remember I'm looking for a pretty big bounce after or during the death cross signal. As I mentioned, something like uh 10 to 20% or 10 to 15% bounce or like uh 10 to 20% or 10 to 15% bounce or like uh 10 to 20% or 10 to 15% bounce or pullback in the price. So in this case, you can see the price did not confirm the death cross signal. It did not take out that low support. As a matter of fact, it took out resistance and rallied. Okay. So in this example, that death cross signal was not confirmed and therefore we would not apply it. We would not interpret this as a negative signal. We mean negative. Here's an example for you from the year 2023. Again, notice that by the time you get that death cross signal uh right there, again, shown to you by that red arrow on my chart. Notice the price had already bottomed by that time. Okay? So again, the YouTuber analysts that go out there and make videos, oh, it's a death cross by the time it bottomed. So, what's the correct way to apply the death cross signal? Well, we would wait for a bounce as it occurred here. Notice the the price. So, the price rallied, pulled back at the very least, we're looking for a 10 to 15 or 20% bounce or two times average true range. Okay? And then what we would do, we'd wait for confirmation. Confirmation by taking out the lowest point before or during when the death cross occurred. So, that's support. And we can see price did not take out that low. In fact, it rallied and took out resistance. You can see price rallied and took out this prior high, prior resistance high, which means that death cross signal was made invalid. This is an example where the death cross actually did work the correct way as a negative signal or a bearish signal. But I still would apply the rules. So notice again, so here's where the death cross signal occurred. That would have been on that candle bar there. Now you can see the bounce here was very weak. That's not the kind of bounce I'll be looking for. Again, I'd be looking for a very strong bounce of at least 10 to 15, maybe more, 20%. Again, two times average true range. That was a very weak bounce for me. But okay, let's say you did take that particular bounce. Okay, what would we do next? Well, we would draw a line across the lowest point and then I would use that breakout as confirmation. Okay. However, I should say you can see that we had a much bigger bounce after that. So, I would have preferred these bounces here. So, I would not have used this particular very weak bounce. I personally would have waited for a much bigger bounce after the death cross, but actually this bounce here or even these bounces here. And then what I would have done is draw a line across the low like so. And only if the price then takes out that low before that big bounce, then that would confirm the death cross signal. And you can see that actually resulted in a much better signal because then the price of Bitcoin did drop further. So that's how we applied the death cross. I'll show you one more example here. This is from the pandemic crash, the COVID crash of the year 2020. So you can see by the time the death cross signal occurred here, okay, right there, price had already bottomed. All right. And stage a nice bounce and rally. So, what would we do in this situation? Well, same exact rule I just applied. If the bounce is at least 15 or 20%, which by the way it was, what I would do is draw a line across the lowest point right there, that's support, and only only if price were to drop below that support level after the death cross signal there, then that would confirm the bearish potential of the death cross. But you can see price did not drop below that low support. All right guys, so coming back to our current chart of Bitcoin, we've learned now the proper way, the correct way of applying the death cross signal. So, by the way guys, the next time you hear something about the death cross, the next time some of these YouTuber analysts out there make these videos about the death cross, make sure you come back and watch this video again because most people out there, including most analysts out there, they do not know how to apply the death cross signal the correct way, the way we've shown it here. So, let's talk about briefly this chart here. Back when Bitcoin last week was here, I said in a member video that I was getting ready for a pullback in the price. Why? because price has become overstretched. Again, as I just mentioned, by the time we get a golden cross signal, price is getting ready to make a pullback. Okay? And indeed, here's a brief clip of what I said in the member video last week, last Sunday. I think it's quite probable that we're starting a pullback down to the averages, which seems probable, at least a pullback down to the 21 and 34 moving averages. All right, guys. As you heard, I was getting ready for a pullback to the 21 and the 34 moving averages. Doesn't have to be both moving averages, but usually there's a pullback to the 21 or indeed the 34, sometimes both. And we can see the price has now pulled back nicely at the very least to the 21 and is now not far away from the 34 moving average, which it might test. We shall see. And by the way, notice that this drop here is indeed an ABC type correction. Awave down, Bwave, and this appears to be a C-wave within a larger degree uptrend. And by the way, guys, I do think that Bitcoin is in a bullish uptrend. My good friend Manuel Bllye also agrees with this view that uh Bitcoin has returned back into a bullish uptrend. So I'm going to remain long-term bullish on Bitcoin for this year provided Bitcoin remains above support as long as it remains above key support. And I think in the next several weeks and months, Bitcoin will take out this prior high here and rally to new highs. All right, guys. I hope this video has helped. If it has, please give it a like and subscribe. Also guys, please check out our sponsor, Raidex Markets. And remember guys, any money we get from sponsors, we give to charity. So, do check out Raidex if you're looking for a fast and reliable trading platform. The link is in the description. Thank you very much indeed. I look forward to seeing you in the next video update. Bye for now.