============================================================
Video: zMtvrTetF08
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: The Stock Markets Reach a CRITICAL Point ...Here's why
Date: 2025-05-26
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3209
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:05.857917
============================================================

Hi, this is Lesio. Hope you're well. In this brand new video, I want to take a look at the chart, the major stock markets, and explain to you what I think is happening here on this chart, plus also a quick look at the weekly time frame, the longer time frame chart. And also in this particular video, I want to take a look at this particular important leading indicator for the market and what it potentially means. And very importantly, guys, in this particular video, I want to take a look also at cause and effect in the major markets. It's going to be very important. All right guys, join me. All right, guys. Welcome back. Now, it's been quite a while since I made my last video. I think it was about 3 weeks ago when we talked about the major markets. Before we continue, let me just say this portion of the video is sponsored by Raidex Markets. So, if you're looking for a reliable trading platform with fast execution and great customer service, then look no further than Raidex Markets. Go on the link in the description and apply for an account. And remember guys, any money we get from sponsors, we give to charity. Now, in this particular video, guys, and I think it's going to be by far one of the most important videos that I'm going to make this year. So, I would highly suggest, please do not skip forward and do not miss this first section of the video. It's extremely important because what I'm going to explain to you in this first section of the video, I guarantee you that 99% of people, I'm going to write this down here, guys, 99% of people out there do not know this and they refuse to learn. And I'm hoping that by the end of this video, you'll be among the 1% of people out there who will know this important information about how the markets work. And most people, by the way, will completely ignore what I'm going to explain here. Okay, let's begin. Guys, I'm sure you remember at the start of this year when the markets were rallying and they were above the 6,000 level, most of the news media, they were absolutely full-on bullish and positive about the markets. In fact, they were saying, "Look, Donald Trump is a genius." They're saying ever since Trump has become elected, the market's going higher. And guys, I want to make this very clear right now. I am not political. I do not take sides politically. I don't care who is president. All I'm trying to say is that when the markets were rallying and they were about here, everybody was saying, "Oh, look, Donald Trump is a genius. He has pushed the markets to new highs. But if you remember right about here about the beginning of March and with the help of my guest Manuel Bllye who was with me, we mentioned an important warning signal on the markets. Here's a very short clip. We'll come back and you can see that the average decline after a D30 sell signal is a further 11.22%. So it means that there is still significant on average downward price action. So when we had a sell, there is still lots of room for the stock market to fall. All right, guys. As you heard, my good friend and trader Manuel Bllye was warning us of a potentially big decline and drop in the markets before the drop even occurred. So right about here, he said there could be an 11% or more drop in the market. And indeed, that's exactly what happened. You can see the markets then dropped by over 11%. Now, that's not the end of the story. when the markets crashed. So when the markets dropped and they fell into this region here, most of the news media were completely negative and completely bearish. They were saying, "Oh, look, Donald Trump doesn't know what he's doing. He is ruining the economy. He's crashing the market." And by the way, guys, right about there, there was a lot of television programs. I remember, I'm sure you remember too, many television programs were saying how Donald Trump is ruining the economy and the stock market. Of course, the news at the time was about the tariffs. But guys, as I'm sure you remember, on the 8th of April, again, right about here, I put out a video, a members video, and I explained we're reaching capitulation. In fact, I repeated this point on the 10th of April as well. Here's a very brief clip. We'll come back. For the first time after many years since 2020, we have an oversold condition on the weekly chart of the S&amp;P. In fact, this has not occurred since the year 2020. This particular extreme oversold condition also supports the view that we're reaching capitulation. In other words, this particular chart also increases the probability that we're reaching capitulation or indeed that we have capitulated here on the S&amp;P. So the bottom line is the odds are increasing. So this chart seems to indicate the odds and the probability is increasing for some kind of a strong bounce and rally in the stock market and a likely bottom in the market. And I should say that the next major rally and bounce in the stock market could very well come back up and fill this gap here at near 5,400. That's an open chart gap. and indeed the one here at 5,600 here as well. Okay, so there's two gaps on the chart that could get filled. In fact, I think it's quite probable that we could see a strong bounce back up into this region between 5,400 to 5,600 and potentially even higher, maybe even up to the 5,800 5,700 levels as well. So, the odds are increasing for a strong bounce back up to those levels. The fear and greed index as per this data dropped to four and what that shows is that the stock market the S&amp;P just fell to a region of capitulation here below the minus 4.25 region there. All right guys, thank you for watching that. So as you saw in the videos back in early April I was warning that actually the market was reaching capitulation a likely bottom. In fact, this is the chart I talked to you about as you saw in the member video. And I said, look, the RSI, the RSI 14 setting had reached a level of oversold not seen since back in the year 2020. And as you heard in the member videos and in the videos I put out in early April. I was expecting a big bounce in the market, which by the way, we got we held this trend line support. This trend line support we came down to and we nicely bounced off. And also, as you can see here on the daily chart, the same thing. The market capitulated there as we can see in early April and we saw a strong bounce which filled these gaps. The gaps I mentioned and we came up to the levels I was expecting. So back up to the 5,700 5,800 levels. By the way guys, I'm not trying to say that I got everything right. No, I'm a human being. I get things wrong too. My point simply is this that if you pay attention to the news, what's going to happen is one, you will miss out on opportunities and two, you will ignore risks. So, for example, back at the time here, people ignored risks even though there were risks. And over here, people missed opportunities by becoming too fearful. And by the way, guys, you'll notice something interesting. Notice that the markets bottomed and then rallied at least one month before the good news came out that Trump was making a deal with China. Now, here's what I want to explain to you. Here's what's going on. Almost a hundred years ago, the great investor Bernard Baroo said, "Show me the charts and I'll tell you the news." By the way guys, if you learn this one fact about the market, this will put you way ahead of everybody else out there who do not know this. You see guys, most people out there, this is how they think the market works, which by the way is completely wrong as in terms of cause and effect. They think that when news comes out, okay, so news could be whatever, whether it's about the Fed, Trump, GDP, jobs reports, or China, war, inflation, whatever news, whether good or bad, you can think of, they think that's what causes market direction. So that's how they see cause and effect. So they see news as the cause and the effect being market direction. So for example, they think that when bad news comes out, well, that means the market goes down. And when good news comes out, the market goes up. But as I'm sure you know guys from your own experience, that simply is not the case. That is completely false. Sometimes good news comes out, market goes down. Sometimes bad news comes out, market goes up. And by the way guys, there have been countless studies in the last 40 years that show there's no causal relationship between the news and market direction or market events. So quite simply, this paradigm is completely wrong. So let me explain to you what actually is going on. What actually is going on guys is that when market prices move, so when the market goes up and when the market goes down due to sentiment and by the way it is sentiment, fear, greed, optimism and pessimism that is actually what is driving price action, okay? Not the news. What happens is that people use the news as some kind of convenient way to explain what's going on in the market. Okay? Because you see guys, people's minds, people's brains have an inherent need for some kind of common sense, rational explanation, something they can understand. Okay? So what they use is what people do is they use the news as a way to explain what's going on in the market. We have to remember the news is not the cause, but it's an effect. So people have it backwards. Humans use the news as a convenient narrative to explain what is going on in the markets. They fit the news events to market movement. Why? Because our brains want things to make sense. We want things to make common sense. In one of the best books on finance called The Socionomic theory of Finance by Robert Prector, here's what he says. He says, "When the news seems to coincide sensibly with market movement, they presume a causal relationship. When news doesn't fit, they attempt to devise a cause and effect structure to make it fit. when they cannot even devise a plausible way to twist the news into justifying market action. They chalk up the market's move to psychology. And finally guys, I want to finish with this before I go on to the charts. If you haven't read this book, make sure you get it and read it. It's called Fooled by Randomness by Nasim Talib. Here's what he says in this book. He says, "Human beings overestimate causality." So what humans do is they see elephants in the clouds instead of understanding that they're in fact randomly shaped clouds that appear to our eyes as elephants or something else. And also humans tend to view the world as more explainable than it really is. So they look for explanations even when there are none. Guys, if you can make a note of these two paragraphs in this book, 50% of the people who clicked on this video, they're not watching this bit. They skipped forward to the parts about the charts. But I want to thank you for staying through and watching this section because this first section of the video will put you way ahead of everybody else out there, 99% of people out there who do not know this about the markets. You see guys, most people will never learn that the news does not cause market direction. And that is why guys, we mentioned in early April that we had capitulation signals right about there. We had capitulation because all sellers had got out of the market and there's nobody else left to sell. Everybody had pretty much given up on the market. So, thank you very much indeed, guys, for being patient and listening and watching this part of the video because it's so important. Now, all I want to say about this is this. We finally have got our pullback. So, we had a nice rally. By the rally in the market, by the way, on the S&amp;P, let me just measure this. So, if you measure from this low to the high here, yeah, over 20% as we can see there. Uh, so almost 23% from the low to the high there. So, it's not surprising to get a pullback. As we know, markets do not move just in one direction. It pulls back. It reverts back to the mean like it has done. Okay. By the way, it hasn't quite reached the mean just yet. We haven't touched the 21 daily moving average, but we might do that. So, here's what I think. Take a look at this chart over here. This is a market breath barometer. Okay. So, market breath, uh, in case you don't know, is a bit like opening the bonnet of a car and looking at the engine and seeing things seeing how things are running properly. So when market breath is positive and bullish that shows generally a healthy stock market. When market breath is negative that shows potential danger and risk. So take a look. By the way I showed you this chart if you recall some weeks ago when I was in Scarra in the north of England. There was also what's called a breadth thrust signal. According to data and some studies, after such breadth thrust signals, the market, in other words, the major stock markets like the S&amp;P tend to rally or in other words, tend to go up and show positive returns typically by about 10 to 15% uh going forward. So, in other words, guys, when something like this occurs, typically these breadth thrust signals end bare markets. So, in other words, guys, this breadth thrust signal, as we can see here on this chart, is a very bullish indication for the major stock markets, indicating we could see higher levels in the next several months. So we could potentially see a continuation of rally in the next several weeks and months. All right guys, as you heard in that video some weeks ago back in April, I said look because this market breath barometer had fallen into extreme oversold conditions as we see it fell below 10. So extreme oversold and then when it goes back up from again oversold conditions to back above 20 and 25 that generally indicates an end to the downtrend or bare market and markets typically rally significantly going forward. In fact some people have referred to this market breath barometer as a bare market killer because it ends bare markets. Forward returns are generally very positive and bullish. Now does this mean there are no risks? No. There are always risks in the market. That's why we look at probabilities. So, I'm not saying there are no risks, but I think based on everything I'm looking at in the market, based on overall data, I personally think that as I said many weeks ago, as I said in April, as I said again in May, I think the markets bottomed here in April, and I think this low is going to hold for several months going to the end of this year. So, I'm not expecting this low to be taken out. So, I think any pullbacks that we're going to get in the market, and this could be the pullback we're looking for, any pullbacks that we get going forward the next several weeks and months, I think that we're going to stay above the lows, the panic lows of April. I don't think we're going to go below those lows. I could be wrong about that, of course, but the probabilities and the data are bullish for the market. They're positive. They're not bearish. They're not negative. So, personally, I'm seeing this pullback here as a temporary pullback. Um, now, of course, we could go a bit lower. I do realize, by the way, guys, I do realize as I'm making this video, the futures are up. So, we can see the futures uh they already tested the 21 moving average there. We can see and the market has bounced. Now, we'll see if that holds. But watch this level carefully. So, watch this level. I think the level the support level 5,800. So, that's support. If the S&amp;P was to fall below the lows of today, 5,800, that actually would increase downside risk potentially to fill some gaps. And by the way, I think that might actually happen. So, uh, if the S&amp;P were to fall below 5,800 here on the S&amp;P futures or indeed today's low, then potentially we may go down and fill this gap here. By the way, we have a similar gap on the S&amp;P cash there. Let me just have a look at that. So, yeah, there is a gap right there that potentially may get filled. Okay, so that gap has not yet been filled and I think it's quite probable. the S&amp;P may come down, test this 21 moving average in the daily chart and probably fill this gap. And by the way, we'll see how shallow or deep this pullback is going to be. Okay, I've covered this in more detail, by the way, in the member video. So, if you haven't seen the Sunday member video, go ahead and check it out. So, personally, I'm seeing this drop in the market here as a pullback. So as a pullback which was expected to the averages again we'll see how deep or shallow this pullback is going to be but overall I think that in the next several months I think in the next several months going to the end of the summer period I think very likely this uptrend in the market will continue and I'm expecting in the next several months this prior high to be taken out. So I think likely by the end of the summer period we'll see new highs in the market once this pullback has completed and finished. Okay. So again guys, let's focus on the charts and not the garbage news. Again, show me the charts and I'll tell you the news. Thank you very much indeed, guys. Bye for now.