============================================================
Video: qPMQ6SX4BMo
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: The Trader that Predicted the Market Crash of 2025 is Now Saying This
Date: 2025-07-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3361
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:24.585465
============================================================

because they did not take action back in April and they did not get bullish back in April when the capitulation occurred uh on April 7th, April 8th and now they missed out. They missed out on this rally and now 20% higher. Now I'm getting emails, oh I missed the signal at that time. I believe the the world was going under whatever reason my emotions. Uh so now is the right time to buy or what should you do now? For me, this is bearish. Not that a bare market is coming, but that a pullback, a correction is coming. Normally, when I get many such emails, it tends to be a contrary indicator. Watch out. On March 4th, I said sell. But if you sell on March 20th, you're too late. Look, this is insane. The S&amp;P dropped 20% in six weeks, and then it recovered 20% in six weeks. So, it's like a a sharp V pattern. I mean, for goodness sake, as I'm saying this to my viewers now, for those of you who are watching the news, especially financial news, please do yourself a favor. Put aside the garbage financial news media, do you think the next pullback, the next correction that is quite around the corner, probably likely, do you think it's going to be a modest, shallow one, or do you think it's going to be a deeper correction? All right, guys. Hello and welcome. We're honored today to have my special guest whom I'm sure you recognize my from my previous videos, my good friend and trader Manuel Bllye the Dow theory.com. Some of you probably remember back in March Manuel Bllye made a phenomenal call, a brilliant call, which I'll explain a little bit in this video. But what we're going to do here, Manuel Bllye and myself dig into the charts, the stock markets, and we'll examine what these charts are likely telling us about the major markets. And also now that we're seeing extreme greed in the market, we're going to ask Manuel Bllye, what does he see in the market in the near term? So, does he see more risk in the near term or could we just blast higher into much higher levels? Which one is more likely for him? And where where is he for the longer term picture? Is he bullish or is he bearish? All right, guys. Join us.  Okay, welcome back guys. Thank you very much indeed. Manuel, how are you doing by the way? You well? Hey, happy to be on your YouTube channel. Always a pleasure. Thanks for bringing me here. Before we dig into the charts, is that a football shirt you have on there? Is that a Is this Spain? Is that Spain? Well, maybe maybe half of your of your audience is going to be disappointed. I'm going to show you more. Real Madrid. Oh, really? I am in Madrid. I am in Madrid right now. You told me you're about to go from Madrid to Paris and then Sorry, Barcelona. Barcelona a couple of days per pinan south of France Perpinan south of France and German Munich Manuel you made a phenomenal call back in March which I have to say even shocked some of our viewers because I remember back in early March I'll put a clip for you. You said that very likely after the Dow theory bearish signal occurred. I think that was around the beginning of March. And then you said, and I'll put the clip that you're expecting an 11% further decline uh in the market. And you can see that the average decline after a D30 sell signal is a further 11.22%. So it means that there is still significant on average downward price action. So when we had a sell, there is still lots of room for the stock market to fall. So beautiful call. By the way, I have to say I think it shocked many people. By the way, of course, when I say shocked, I mean the people who did not watch our videos. Our viewers were expecting it because they saw the video that you and I did. Manuel correctly called and foresaw the big drop that occurred before the before the Trump tariffs, before even Trump talked about the long. Exactly. That so we were expecting that big drop. only the media were were caught unaware and shocked. We were prepared for it. And right about there at the beginning of April, I think it was about the 7th or 8th of April, both you and I called capitulation. Uh you beautifully called capitulation based on your model, the Dow theory model. And I also called capitulation based on some of the indications I had based on acceleration extremes and also some other models as well. So when you combine capitulation a bottom and a thrust and notably if you have two thrust because several thrust cluster it it's an extremely powerful signal. By the way guys before we continue if you haven't yet subscribed to Manuel Blly's excellent newsletter the dow theory.com. So go ahead and check it out. I absolutely highly recommend it. I read your newsletter manual religiously every time it comes out and even your bulletins. I read them. I think it's phenomenal great research that you do. So we were both bullish in at the beginning of April on the stock market while most people including the mainstream media were extremely bearish. They were all saying no the market's going to go much lower because Trump is going to do this and it's going to do that and China the recession is coming. Exactly. You're right. There was so much bad news and nobody actually believed that the market was going to bounce back. What's interesting now is Manuel, you told me before we started this uh discussion, you told me that some of your subscribers, some of your own subscribers have now remorse. They're having regrets because they did not take action back in April and they did not get bullish back in April when the capitulation occurred uh on April 7th, April 8th. And now they missed out. They missed out on this rally. They are now having extreme FOMO, fear of missing out. Tell me what you've been hearing. So tell me what kind of emails you've been getting uh and what what what it means to you. What does it mean to you these these kinds of emails? Well, f first off I sometimes it really pains me. I feel sorry for for sometimes for my even for my subscribers because we spell black and white. Look this is capitulation. This is bullish. Then there was second opportunity. There is a thrust. Third opportunity margin debt became bullish. So there were as the market was going first was the bottom a little bit higher a little bit higher and we were getting different bullish signals correct and and I telegraph these signals to my subscribers and I and famore you know Alysio that I have a real money portfolio so it's not that I say I have the skin I have my skin on the game. Absolutely. So if I say I buy it's not well by you So if I say I buy it's not well by you So if I say I buy it's not well by you but I don't know I I put my money on the but I don't know I I put my money on the but I don't know I I put my money on the line. So sometimes it really saddens me because I try to be transparent. I I preach by example. Look, I bought and it pains me because of course we have emotions and then it seems I I I know now that many well many at least some subscribers were not heing the signals and now 20% higher. Now I'm getting emails, oh I missed the signal. At that time I believe that the world was going under whatever reason my emotions. So now is the right time to buy or what should you do now? Yeah. And of course we are market timers. So first there are two messages. Um for me this is bearish not that a bare market is coming but that a pullback a correction is coming. Normally when I get many such emails it tends to be a contrary indicator. It means that people now people now are warming warming up. Well, and when they warm up and they start getting emails with regret. Oh, I missed the buy, but is it time now? Normally, it indicates that uh at least a 3% 4% 5% pullback is on the horizon. Watch out. I'm not saying a bare market because I still remain very bullish long term, but that a pullback is coming. Yes. And of course, but this is bad timing because if you buy at the top and immediately after you buy you go down 5%. Well, maybe eventually you will recover but it's not the best timing. And this is what I I I wrote in in when And this is what I I I wrote in in when And this is what I I I wrote in in when I was answering such image. I said look we are market timers. Don't forget that we are market timers. timers time if of a s is of a sense on timers time if of a s is of a sense on timers time if of a s is of a sense on March 4th I said sell but if you sell on March 20th you are too late so market timing means that if I say sell today you sell today or buy tomorrow you buy tomorrow is not you buy one week after but because markets move really fast and Jack Shan wrote that in his great book said look markets move faster in the 21st century. This was one of the main tenets of his book. And he's right. Look, this is insane. The S&amp;P dropped 20% in six weeks and then it recovered 20% in six weeks. So, it's like a a sharp V pattern. But this is insane. But of course, when markets move so fast, you have to react fast. If I say sell on March 4th, you must sell on March 4th, not on on March on March 21st. And if I say buy on April 8th, it you're supposed to buy on April 8th, not on July on July 7th, next Monday. No. And of course, this is not the answer I give. Of course, if you are patient and you take a very long-term view, okay, I I bought 20% higher and if the bull market continues, and I think you will continue, eventually you will make money, but you will make less money than the people that bought on April 7 or on April 22nd or on I think was June 13th. So, I had several opportunities or and the higher it goes, you will make money probably. Yes. But of course you you left something behind and you will never make do or you'll never compensate for the gains you lost because we are market timers. Time time is of essence. Time is essential and I'm trying to figure out why they did it not pull the trigger back when capitulation occurred when when you mentioned and when I mentioned capitulation occurred back in April and I think the the number one reason is fear. uh people watching the news. I say, you know, I say this so many times in my videos, which I'm sure you've seen, Manuel. I mean, for goodness sake, I'm saying this to my viewers now. For those of you who are watching the news, especially financial news, please do yourself a favor. Put aside the garbage financial news media. Instead, instead, do yourself a real favor and subscribe to Manuel Blow Theory.com newsletter. By far the best thing you can do is read Manuel's newsletter which he publishes every month and with the bulletins that come. I'll put the link for you guys. So go ahead and check it out and subscribe. Your audience should also never miss one of Allesia's episodes because because you give an a complimentary perspective and sometimes you are more Elliot wave oriented. Yes, I am do oriented but most of the time we tend to be aligned. So we tend to have the but it's good for me. So it's kind of confirmation. It's not confirmation bias what's out but you are you're really very good. You're really very good. I I really appreciate and of course for me it's important to see okay what's Allesia thinking. Let's go now to the most recent uh uh things we've seen the CNN fear and greed index for the first time is now showing extreme greed. We were in the greed territory for a while but now just I checked it recently we've seen CNN fear fear and greed index going to 78. In fact, in the extreme greed territory, foot call ratio also showing extreme greed. And by the way, the best indicator on the planet are in my view the social media comments, especially the comments I get on my videos like this one for example. I'm sure I'm going to get comments. Let me tell you what happened. The most recent video I posted where I said there's dangerous there are danger signals of a pullback in the market. I got comments like, "No, no, no. Allesio is wrong. We're going to go straight to 6,800." I was thinking, what? The market is going to go straight to 6,800 without a pullback, without a correction of some sort. I mean, how does that even work out? There were several comments saying the same thing. No, we're just going to go keep going higher to 7,000, uh, 6,800 or something like that. And again, it boggles me how some people think that the market is just just going to go in one direction without some kind of a pullback, without some glitch. Please don't go don't grow to the sky. The market must take a breather. Exactly. Exactly. But let me talk let's talk about this now. So um I mean we're seeing several overbought conditions on the market. I mentioned them already. If you haven't seen that in my previous video, go ahead and check it out. I've already I don't want to repeat myself. But look uh we're getting extremely overbought, overstretched uh on the stock market and we got extreme greed now uh in the major markets as well. The question is do you agree with me? Do you agree with me that we should probably see some kind of a pullback or correction in the next few weeks, the next several weeks? Do you think we're going to see some kind of Do you think we might see a shallow pullback, a modest correction or pullback, or do you think we're going to see a deeper correction or pullback? By the way, before you answer, Manuel, I want to make it very clear. I am not expecting a crash to go below the lows of April. That's not what I'm expecting. That is not what Manuel is expecting either. So, we're both long-term bullish. I think some people truly misunderstand us. When we say a pullback, a correction, we mean we mean a temporary a retracement, not a crash to go to go below the lows of April because I'm just expecting a pullback correction before before we go higher again in the next several months. I'm long-term bullish, but shortterm short-term I'm cautious because I'm expecting some kind of a pullback. Yes, there is risk for a pullback for several reasons. First, uh emails I'm getting. Second, the field grid index. Everything you said. Thirdly, the market structure is extremely overbought in the short term. Yeah. And not even the short term, even in the medium term. That's right. So, I mean, medium for me is several weeks. So, it's overbought. Sentiment is overbought. So it means that when you have both factors sentiment overbought bullish to bullish and technically it's overbought the most likely outcome is a pullback overbought sentiment and overbought market condition and furthermore if it goes up still 1% more it will become even more overbought even more so I expect a pullback the other thing I want to mention here is quite important which is that just because we're expecting a pullback or correction does not mean that we're recommending or suggesting that people should short the market. Okay, I am not and I'm pretty sure Manuel is not doing that either. We're not recommending anybody to get short or sell or buy into the market. Okay, so this video is purely for educational purposes. As I mentioned before, Manuel, let's go to that point. Do you think the next pullback, the next correction that's that is quite around the corner, probably likely, do you think it's going to be a modest shallow one or do you think it's going to be a deeper correction? I've noticed there are some analysts out there who are s suggesting that the market could see a very deep, very sharp drop uh drop back down to some levels like 5,400, 5,300 even. Do you agree with them? Do you see a a deep correction coming or more of a modest shallow correction? A modest correction for one reason is not gut feeling just for one reason. We had a cluster of breath thrust in April. Not only this vi thrust but also other other thrust. No, I expect a mus pulva but is not gut feeling. It is because I studied breath thrust inside out and when we get a thrust such as the one we got on April 24th, the next six months are particularly strong. So in other words, the pullback that occurs after a breath thrust tends to be really very modest. But there are pullbacks. I'm not saying that it goes up in a straight line. No. But the odds of having for instance an 8% pullback are really very small. So my own studies show that in normally the maximum pullback is 5 6%. So you got a thrust it's really like a like a like like propelling a rocket to the space is it's a big thrust. Well this is the word is a thrust is a breath thrust. So there is a big thrust and it propels the market higher. So this is why I don't expect I don't forecast. I'm just based on the studies I made since 1978, but it's already a quite long span of years. And no, I don't expect a big one, but I expect one one pullback now because it's overbought in sentiment and also technically. But I think you're absolutely right. I think it's a I think the risks are increasing. But I mean just from the general comments I'm reading on social media, people absolutely making fun of anybody uh making fun of me included that is holding a contrary view. Anyone who holds a contrary view saying we're going to see a pullback or correction. No, no, no. By the way guys, before I finish, I want to highly suggest do check out Manuel Bly's newsletter, the Dow Theory.com. Phenomenal and excellent work that and research that Manuel does. and definitely check it out. I'll put the link for Manuel's newsletter in the description. Highly worth your time and definitely check it out. I think it's by far one of the best research newsletters out there. So guys, check it out. It's right there, the link. Check it out. Thanks very much indeed. Thanks, Manuel. Thanks to you, Allesio, for having me here. Always a pleasure. Take care. Thanks very much. Cheers.