============================================================
Video: uU9LZJz4IKw
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: Has XRP Bottomed (or is there risk of a bigger drop)?
Date: 2025-04-12
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2685
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:00.821865
============================================================

Hey guys, Allesia. Hope you're well. In this particular video, I want to do a quick update on the chart of XRP. As you probably recall, some months ago, back at the beginning of February, when the price was about here, about $3, I warned about a potential drop and pullback in the price of XRP, which indeed did happen. In fact, you probably recall this particular chart I showed to you back from the 1st of February when there was a strong warning and danger of a potential pullback in the price of XRP, which it has done. As we can see here, XRP has now dropped to some key levels. So, let's dig into the chart and talk about the potential Elliot wave counts and what needs to happen to indicate a bottom in the price. All right, guys, join me. All right, guys. Welcome back and hope you're having a good weekend. So, some months ago, there were several warning signs on XRP. By the way, a lot of people, the majority of people out there completely ignored these warning signs. I don't mean you because I know you're intelligent and sophisticated people because you watch my videos here. So, you were prepared for what was about to happen on XRP some months ago. So, for example, back at the beginning of February and towards the end of January, we can see there were several warning signs. For example, there was a negative divergence. Price made a higher high with a lower high on the MACD, creating a negative divergence on the chart of XRP. But that wasn't the only that wasn't the only warning sign. I showed you this chart at the beginning of February. This is a screenshot of my video. And this is the warning I gave on that day. Whenever these types of acceleration extremes have occurred after the price moves too far too fast, we've seen likely tops in the price, extreme warning signs of a potential top in the price. Okay? As we saw also in the year 2018. Now I should say this does not necessarily mean that the price is about to top but it could also warn of a potential pullback in the price. In fact as I mentioned before whenever these types of extreme warning signs have occurred in the past again both MACD okay both the MACD and acceleration extremes in the past these have been warning signs of a likely pullback in the price. Bottom line is a higher probability is that eventually we're going to see a drop back down below support and back down to the 21weekly moving average. And personally, I think once the price I think once price breaks down below 2.65 here, the support that would make it much more likely for a drop down, maybe even to retest the prior highs that we made in 2021, which would be support here about the $2 1.99 level just near the 21 weekly moving average. Again, based on what I'm seeing on the charts, I think a pullback in the price is much more likely. All right, guys. Thank you for watching that video. So, back then at the start of February, there was a strong warning sign. Again, as I mentioned, uh, overbought conditions on Acceleration Extremes and the MACD, both of which showed extreme overbought conditions and the risk and danger of a pullback, a pullback, as I mentioned in the video, of a likely move down to retest the highs of 2021 near the $2 mark and potentially down to the 21 weekly moving average. Okay, that's what we were looking for. And by the way, that is exactly what the market did as we can see here on the weekly time frame chart. There it is. So, we can see XRP dropped from about $3 at the time we made our video down to the 21 weekly moving average and indeed down to the highs of 2021. Okay, near the $2 mark. In fact, below that as we can see there. Okay, so once again, XRP spoke beautifully. I think XRP spoke beautifully to those imbeciles and ninkum poops out there in the XRP community and it said this to them. Thank you, Kyle. Because guys, you have to remember, even though I know you're intelligent and sophisticated people, unfortunately, there are many dumb ninkham poops out there uh when it comes to XRP and Bitcoin, I call these the cult, the cult of XRP or the cult of Bitcoin. They do not want to learn anything. All they want to be told in these videos is, "Oh yeah, the price is going to go up." That's all they want to hear. And if you say anything against that, then you don't know anything. By the way, guys, back at the beginning of February when I made my video, the amount of people who made comments, who wrote comments essentially making fun of me saying, "Oh, Alissi does not believe in XRP. Alissi does not know what he's talking about because he's talking about a drop in the price." Well, guys, now you've seen what's happened. In fact, the only way to respond to your ignorance is by doing this. Oh, this is great. Thank you, Kyle. Anyway, guys, enough of that. I think we've laughed enough at these these imbeciles and num poops in the XRP community. Uh again, I don't mean you because I know you're intelligent people, but again, as I'm sure you know, I'm talking about the cult of XRP who worship crypto and XRP like it's some kind of a god. Okay, these people, all they want to be told in these videos is that price is going to go up. I refuse to do that and I don't care if these people are offended. My job in this video is to do an objective and fair analysis of what I'm seeing here on the chart regardless of whether some people's going to like or dislike my videos. Okay, so anyway guys, that's what happened in XRP so far. As a matter of fact, back in March, I made another video, a member video talking about XRP. And I mentioned there was a risk again of a drop down to 1.76 and potentially even lower. As long as price remains below this resistance of 3.02, 02 the risk is higher for a further decline into the lower support regions. The first support that may get tested indeed at 1.767 the near the near support levels there at the 34 weekly moving average to potentially even lower levels that we have there. All right guys, as you heard in my member video back on the 9th of March, I was warning of a potential drop down back to 1.76 and potentially even lower to 1.4. Of course, we didn't get the drop. We did not get the drop to 1.4. I think what's going on here on the chart of XRP is we've seen a nice healthy pullback down not only to the 21w weekly moving average as we can see here. We saw a pullback to the 21w weekly here and again okay but also the 34. So usually in typical uptrends we do see a pull back down to these levels again the blue line and the pink line. That's the 21 and 34 weekly moving averages. And notice, by the way, guys, that we're forming a nice bullish candlestick uh pattern here, just above that 34 weekly moving average there I have on the chart, the 34 EMA on my weekly chart, the pink line. Okay, that's nice and beautiful. Let's see if it holds. Um the week hasn't finished just yet, but it would be very nice if if XRP if price can hold above that low that it made in February. And the reason is if XRP can hold that above the 34 weekly moving average, there is a potential we're forming some kind of a ABC pattern here. Awave down, B C right there. Okay. Although typically C waves come to the 100% extension of the Awave. That would have been 1.4. That's one of the reasons why I thought it might drop down to 1.4 1.39. It didn't do that. Nevertheless, it managed to at least hold support near 1.76 and bounce off. So, there is a likelihood there is a likelihood that we might be dealing with an ABC pattern. In fact, let me show you this on the daily chart. Hey guys, before we continue, I just want to quickly mention if you're looking for a reliable trading platform with fast execution, then look no further than Raidex Markets, who is our sponsor for this video. With Raidex, you can trade stocks, stock indices, Bitcoin, crypto, gold, currencies, and a lot more. You can apply for an account with Raidex by going to this link, which is also in the description. Thank you very much. Let's get back to the video. So, on the daily chart, you can see it actually a lot better. So, yeah, there it is. We fell down to the 200 average as well. Notice that's the green line on my chart. The 200 moving average. I'll just get my arrow there. That's the green line. Okay. So, we fell down in a nice drop down to the 200 daily moving average. As we know, it's a very key level on the chart. We broke it and then went back above it. That's typically a bullish sign when price drops below the 200 moving average and then quickly moves back above it as we can see here. Typically, it's a bullish sign. However, I need further confirmation by a break of resistance. So, at this point in time, it's still a bit early to say that price has bottomed. Nevertheless, I think we are potentially reaching a bottom in the price provided provided XRP and Bitcoin can break above resistance. Okay, so here's what I think is going on here. I think what this drop is, this first drop was likely awave down, Awave. And this second rally here, this bounce was a Bwave. And I think this drop here was a likely C-wave. In other words, what we have here, I'll just write this down again. At this point in time, I think it's a bit early to say that the C-wave has bottomed because typically C waves can extend down even lower to the 100% extension of the Awave and the high of the Bwave. So, I think it's a bit early at this point for me to say that the price of XRP has bottomed, but I think we're getting close to a bottom. So, even if XRP was to drop down to 1.4, that still would be part of a C-wave in my view. Okay, but here's the bottom line. If XRP can get above this level, okay, if XRP can get above this important resistance, you see there uh on the blue line on my chart, 2.24 or 2.235, 235. If we get a nice move, if we get a 235. If we get a nice move, if we get a 235. If we get a nice move, if we get a nice move on XRP, a sustained move or a close on the candle chart above 2.24, that would increase the probability that a bottom has been reached in the price, that the C-wave, this ABC correction has bottomed. If that happens, that would make a lot of sense because this line here, okay, let me just uh point it out. This white gray line here, we can see that's the 50 SMA, the 50 simple moving average, an important resistance. And as I mentioned, that's the 200 daily moving average, the green line, which we've bounced off. So, so far so good. All we need now is confirmation. Let me also show you one more thing here. If we grab something called regression trend, okay? And if we draw it from this high to this low on the price of XRP, there's something interesting here. Notice that the top of the two standard deviation regression channel which acts as resistance on the price by the way is just near that 2.235 or 2.24 resistance and also near the the daily 50 SMA uh the white line you see right there. So in other words XRP has to break through that level of resistance the again uh the prior high we formed there 2.235 235 and also the top of this regression trend or regression channel to prove to us that it's bottoming or that it's bottomed. Okay, it has not happened just yet. So, I just want to caution that we haven't broken through the top of that regression channel just yet. So, let's see if we get that in the next several days or the next few weeks. Okay, if we can get a move, if we get a nice rally, a nice green bar, a push, a sustained move above the top of this regression trend, the two standard deviation channel here, that would indicate a likely bottom has been reached. Essentially, a move above 2.235 or 2.24 4 would be required to indicate that we've bottomed here in the ABC structure as I mentioned earlier in the likely Awave Bwave and the potential C-wave here and as I mentioned the region for the C-wave is anywhere from here 1.2 1.6 the lows of April and likely even 1.4 it extends all the way down here. Okay. So all we need now to show to us that this ABC correction, this likely pattern, this ABC pattern has bottomed and completed is a move, a sustained move above this region here. Again, the regression channel and 2.235 or 2.24. Once we get that, that would increase the likelihood that a bottom has been reached on this correction near the 200 SMA here. Okay, we haven't got that just yet. So I just want to caution. We have to wait for the breakout of resistance at this level to indicate that a bottom has been reached. The reason I'm repeating that point because of risks because some people usually do not listen to the risks uh that are involved here. From the point of view of risk, if XRP fails, if XRP fails to get above this level of resistance and instead and instead breaks down below the lows that it made here like 1.7 or even 1.6, six. If it breaks below this low, that would increase the risk of a drop down to this level here at 1.39, 1.4. I want to mention that risk because we're still not out of the woods. XRP has to prove to us that it wants to bottom by getting above that resistance level that I just mentioned, okay? We haven't done that just yet. So, until XRP and Bitcoin both break above resistance, we still do not have a confirmation of a bottom here. So there are still risks at the moment. Once we get above that resistance here, that would further increase the likelihood of a bottom. And by the way, to those imbeciles out there, those ninkham poops who think that what I'm saying here in this video is the price is going to go up and it's going to go down. So no matter what happens, I can say I'm right. Can I just say to those people, aren't you embarrassed? Have you not seen my previous video where I essentially mentioned we're looking at the markets from a probabilistic point of view? That's how we do analysis. All right, guys. I hope this video has helped. And if it has, please give it a thumbs up. And also I look forward to reading your comments as well. Thank you very much. Have a great weekend. I'll see you guys in the next video update. Cheers.