============================================================
Video: DSHL3fRDO1Q
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: The Stock Market’s Next Big Problem is Already Here — GET READY
Date: 2025-12-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2830
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:02:33.588388
============================================================

Hey guys, Allessia here. Hope you're well. In this video, I want to share with you something that I saw on YouTube recently that's quite shocking. I want to tell you about what I think is by far one of the biggest warnings for the major markets and it's something I did not ever expect to see, but I have now seen it. And I want to explain to you why this is a major warning sign. It's something that should put us on alert. And I think it could potentially have disastrous consequences for the new year, the year 2026, especially for the major markets and perhaps also for Bitcoin as well. So guys, join me in this video. I want to explain to you what this chart is all about and some of the other major important warning signs I'm seeing right now and why this could be a major problem for the markets. All right, guys. Join me. [bell]  All right, guys. Welcome back. As you can probably guess, I'm not in the UK. I'm currently in sunny Florida in the United States, and I'm wearing this uh rather ugly Christmas shirt. I don't know what you think about it. And by the way, before we start, I want to wish you all a phenomenal and happy Christmas. I hope you have a relaxing holiday. By the way, before we talk about the major warning sign that I'm seeing right now for the major markets, for the stock markets, and also potentially Bitcoin as well for the new year 2026, and why this chart and what this guy says on TV is potentially a major warning sign for the markets. So, I'll explain that in a few minutes. Let me just first of all mention that uh I came back from a race this morning, so I'm quite a bit tired. For the first time in my life, I took part in a race uh in Florida, in Daytona, Florida. And uh it was wonderful, by the way. I had a great time. It was very tiring. I was not prepared for that. But the point is though, I finally finished it. And by the way, guys, just to give you a tip, uh, if you're looking to get to the finish line in a race, listen to Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Absolutely great piece of music to listen to when you're running. All right, guys, let's take a walk in this beautiful neighborhood and talk about the markets. And why I think what this TV expert, this financial expert said on TV and on YouTube could potentially be a major warning sign uh for the markets, for the stock markets, apart from all the other warning signs we've seen so far. So, here's the thing. Recently, I saw a clip on YouTube of a famous financial expert in the UK who, if you live outside the UK, you probably not heard of him. Now, Martin Lewis, um, he's a guy who's famous as a money-saving expert, but I've never seen him actually talk about stock markets before. So, it was actually quite a surprise to me when I just saw this clip on YouTube, which by the way, I think it's a clip from an actual TV program that was broadcast on national TV in the UK. And by the way, in case you're wondering, why does that matter? I think it really matters because when TV financial experts start saying things uh you know I'm going to explain to you what he said just recently we should really pay attention because it can give us important information about sentiment about the psychology of the herd the crowd out there. Okay. And by the way guys, even if you live in America or other parts of the world, I still think you should pay attention to what this financial guy said on TV because again, I think this is a major warning sign for the broader markets, the broader stock markets. Let's watch it together. This is what scares the pants off you all. Now, these are my top savings picks that I've calculated. If you put £1,000 in 10 years ago, lost money to inflation. So, that's top savings. In reality, it was lossings over the last 10 years. Now, let me put those three index funds on there. Okay. The Footsie would be 1,640 from your,000 beating inflation. The Global Tracker 2,980. The S&amp;P American 3,790 times, nearly four times what you started. Now, I should say these are funds where you reinvested those dividends. This is long-term historical data. Past performance doesn't guarantee the future. But on the balance of probabilities, over a longer period, investment will win. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. Welcome back. So, did you hear what Martin Lewis said on that TV program which I think was broadcast on UK national TV? This is the thing. Usually in the UK, financial experts or financial uh people are very cautious about how they phrase their language. And this guy was as well as you heard him say, past performance does not guarantee future returns. But nevertheless, then he goes on to say that on the balance of probabilities, &gt;&gt; but on the balance of probabilities, &gt;&gt; uh it's quite interesting because that's the kind of language I sometimes use. I sometimes say on the balance of probabilities and he said well on the balance of probabilities &gt;&gt; over a longer period investment will win &gt;&gt; over the long term investing will win and then he showed the chart of the S&amp;P 500 the US stock market so this is why it matters guys because uh listen so many people out there so many people in the financial media over the last several months everybody is absolutely gaga absolutely in love with the US markets and who can blame them again AI companies there's the handful of companies like again mic Microsoft, Apple, Nvidia, Tesla, Meta, and so on and so on. Again, these have been fueling this market rally, this stock market rally, and investors are absolutely in love with the US stock markets. And don't get me wrong here, guys, I'm not calling for a crash in the US stock market, okay? I mean there could be a correction but things like this when you see financial experts especially those who are usually very cautious when they go on TV and show you these beautiful charts especially the chart of the US stock market the S&amp;P 500 you know with this amazing returns if you put your money in 10 years time this is how much you would have made and you know guys the message I think is very clear from that video clip we just watched even though Martin Lewis was being very careful I think the message in that video was very clear which is that the way to go the sensible thing to do is to invest in the US stock market or in other words just keep investing and stay in the US stock markets like the S&amp;P. Typically, you know, when these financial pundits go on TV and they start boasting about the returns you could have made in this market or that market or this stock or that stock or this crypto, again, this is the time to be cautious. This should really put us on alert because I can guarantee you guys there are people watching that in the UK. I'm sure the UK audience who are watching that video and they're probably thinking, "Huh, so maybe I should be investing in the US stock market, too." And I'm sure after watching that clip, quite a number of people probably were persuaded that they need to be in the US stock markets. That's where the real returns are. That's where the jumbo massive returns are. By the way, I know that Martin Lewis did not say that the easy money is in the US stock market. But the thing is this guys, other financial news media companies are already saying that to people. And by the way guys, I'm going to go into much more detail about the stock markets as well as gold and Bitcoin in the member video. So make sure you go ahead and check out the member video. And by the way, if you're not a member, you can check out this special offer we have, the Christmas and New Year offer, which is $1 for 30 days. And by the way, after 30 days, you get a special discount rate that all our existing members get as well. Check out the link you see here. It's also in the description. Here's the thing. Uh my good friend and trader Charlie Burton, as you probably heard him uh recently, he said that he went on Bloomberg, as you know, a major financial news network. So when Charlie went on Bloomberg, the presenter asked him a shocking question. I'll play the clip. I was interviewed on Bloomberg just a week ago and the interviewer was saying to me, do you think that investors now have finally learned always that they should they need to be buying the dips? And I thought, well, there's another sign this next 12 months is going to be absolutely fascinating. &gt;&gt; So that was the question they asked you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The assumption was investors have now learned, haven't they? They're now way better educated to just buy the dips. So the assumption is &gt;&gt; Yeah. that you just always have to buy the dip. And don't get me wrong, within a bull market, that is, you know, essentially the the case. But when everyone believes that, you know, you're getting closer to the one of these dips is not going to be a dip. And everyone will be buying the dip and then that will create cuz what always happens, there's always a big flush in any bull market, whether it was Bitcoin in 2017 or the stock markets at various times in coming into 2022. Then when the correction comes, they have to have a flush out. That's just the natural way of the markets. And I think we're in this euphoria stage right now. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. As you heard from Charlie's own words, the presenter on Bloomberg was clearly saying that the common sense, the obvious thing to do is just buy the dip. Eventually, the market makes a dip and that dip turns into a bigger drop and then a bigger drop and eventually into a major crash and a bare market. Now, again, I am not saying that the US stock market is going to crash into a bare market anytime soon. Okay? That's not what I'm saying. Again, we could see a correction or a pullback temporarily, but I'm not expecting a major crash between now and the end of the year. The mentality, guys, this shows to us the mentality among the financial news media, as we saw with Martin Lewis in the UK national TV and also on Bloomberg and many others as well. The idea, the mentality seems to be among the majority that all you have to do is just keep investing, just keep buying into the US stock market and you'll make money. You know, the market will just keep going up and you'll be able to make easy money. By the way, you probably heard my own story when I went recently to a coffee shop in the UK and the barista who was making my coffee, she said to me that she was loving investing in the US stock market, for example, she was buying Apple and Nvidia and she was making great money. Again, this is someone who, by the way, had never had any experience in buying stocks. a lovely barista, great person. But again, when you think about that, ordinary people, ordinary folks with no experience whatsoever in investing or trading, when they're saying it's easy money to buy into US stocks and things like that, this should be a major warning, a major contrarian signal for the markets. Don't forget the comments that I got on my own videos. So, for example, in my previous video that I was getting a lot of comments from people saying that the US stock market, the S&amp;P is going to go to 7,400, 7,600, you know, higher and higher targets for the S&amp;P, showing a lot of greed and over optimism in the US stock markets. Now, guys, don't get me wrong here. I actually think that in the next several weeks and months, the S&amp;P could go north of 7,000. So I think even if we see a pullback, even if we see some kind of pullback, a correction, it is possible and probable that in the next several weeks or the next few months, we might even go back and retest the lows of October and November. But nevertheless, I think that in the next several months, probably going into the spring of next year or probably the middle of next year, I think the S&amp;P will eventually move above 7,000. But guys, if you've stayed with me in this video so far, I want to thank you because I want to get to the main point of this video, which is that I think a lot of what we're seeing right now again on the financial news media, again, for example, what Martin Lewis said again, boasting about the US stock market making such amazing returns over the long term. And and you know what he said on the balance of probabilities, investing over the long term is the way to win. and also had the US financial news media like Bloomberg, as we saw with Charlie Burton, how they're absolutely obsessed with this idea that you just keep buying the dips and the market will just keep going up. And by the way, I know there are some people watching this video and they're probably thinking, well, of course, the market will always go up because AI will just keep advancing and getting better and therefore AI companies will just push the market higher and higher. In other words, in their psychology, they're thinking the market will never go down because of AI. Because this is exactly what happened. This is exactly the mistake people made in the dotcom bubble. In the dotcom bubble of the year 2000, a lot of people were saying that the markets cannot possibly crash, they cannot possibly go down because of the internet.com stocks. And by the way guys, the stock markets topped. The NASDAQ dropped by nearly 80 or 90%. And I personally think the exuberant over optimism and greed and you know the complacency we're seeing in the sentiment among the public, among the financial news media, how they think that it's just easy money. just keep investing and the markets go up. I think that mentality is a major warning that we could see a top in the stock market next year in 2026. And by the way, I've already made a video about this with my good friend Charlie Burton. We mentioned that according to the Benner cycle which was devised back in 1875, the Benner cycle forecasts a potential top in the US stock market for the year 2026. As you can see here, now again, as you know, I don't rely just on time cycles. Time cycles take second place to price action. So price action always comes first. But I think that if we combine price action with again the banner cycle, very likely we could see a major top in the US stock market next year in the year 2026. Probably sometime in the middle or the second half of next year 2026. And by the way guys, since I mentioned Charlie Burton, don't forget that Charlie and I are both doing an educational course in January. It's called the Pro Trading Workshop. If you haven't registered yet, go ahead and do so. The full details are on that link. By the way, thank you very much for those of you who already joined. It's going to be a great educational course on technical analysis and also on trading. So Charlie Burton has had 28 years of experience in trading the markets. He's going to bring his insights and experience into this particular program that we're teaching in January in the workshop. And by the way guys, sign up before the discount expires. The discount on this course will expire at the end of the year. So see that link protradingworkshop.com for the full details. All right guys, from here in Florida, I want to wish you a wonderful and happy Christmas. See you guys in the next video update. Cheers.