============================================================
Video: UDrpPE8mkFQ
Channel: Alessio Rastani
Title: It Took Me 10 Years to Realise What I'll Tell You in 11 Minutes
Date: 2025-12-18
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 2500
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:02:40.926662
============================================================

And what you'll find is the media, the news media will often use the same news story for whatever direction the price moves. For example, when good news comes out and price goes up, they'll say, "Oh, well, there you go. Good news caused the price to go up." But when the price on the very same day goes down in the opposite direction, they'll use the same news story to explain why it went down. So, what changed for me was when I first learned that you don't actually have to know any of this stuff. Hey guys, Allesia. Hope you're well. In this video, I'm going to cover with you something quite important, which is what I wish I had known many years ago, nearly 20 years ago, when I first started looking at the charts and analyzing the markets. And that is something which I think 98% of people out there honestly do not know. And I think that they don't even want to know because it goes against everything that most people believe about the markets. So that's what I want to cover with you in this video. By the way, just to quickly mention, I'm not in London, but I'm actually in Saltsburg, Austria. The building you see here behind me is Mozart's birthplace. This is actually where Mozart was born. this yellow building you see here. So, I want to talk to you very briefly today in this video about something quite important, something very close to my heart, which is what I wish I had known about chart analysis and the markets about 20 years ago when I first started looking deeply into the charts, technical analysis and the markets. And that is something which I think a lot of people honestly don't know. And I think even those people who watch this video and maybe learn this fact I'm going to share with you, even they actually will probably forget it and they won't agree with it. Most people honestly I would say the 99 98% of people out there do not know and they don't even want to know what I'm going to share with you something very important about how we should look at the markets how we should look at the charts and that is this basically guys listen when I first started looking at the markets again nearly 20 years ago now uh what I thought was driving the market was the news you know news events like something happening in the world um you know major news events whatever you want to call it okay political news economic news. You know, people often look at jobs reports, unemployment reports, central bank announcements, GDP reports, inflation announcements, all this kind of stuff. You know, all this stuff that's often referred to as fundamentals, which what we call fundamentals, fundamentals. And by the way, guys, if you're not yet a member, you can become a member today by going to that link you see right there and join with the Christmas and New Year discount, which is $1 for 30 days. And then after 30 days, you get the same discount rate as all our existing members as well. Thank you very much indeed, guys. And guys, so what changed for me was when I first learned that you don't actually have to know any of this stuff to determine price action to determine which path, which direction price of any market could go. All right, guys. In other words, you don't actually have to study fundamentals or news events to try to figure out to try to determine which direction price will likely go. And by the way, this is so counterintuitive. This goes against everything which I think we've been taught about the markets which we've been taught to believe about the markets. By the way, this could be any market. Could be Bitcoin, could be stock markets, could be gold, currencies, whatever you want. I think so many of us have been brought up with this idea. And I think the media, the mainstream media is also responsible for this to some extent, which is that we think, in other words, most people think that price action, in other words, when price of any market moves that there has to be some kind of rational explanation behind it. In other words, most people are looking for the why, the reason why price moved in a certain direction, whether it went up or goes down. And again, most people seem to think that the the reason why price moves in a certain direction, especially when price moves very fast in a certain direction, they think there has to be some kind of rational, logical, common sense explanation. And that is why they look at the news. They look at fundamentals or something like that to explain again explain in quotation marks what's going on with the price or the market. But the truth is, as I'm sure most of you know, most of you watch my videos in the past. Most of you know that is not at all how the markets behave. In fact, a lot of the times the markets will do things that shock people. Uh let me give you an example. Most of you remember when Donald Trump was imposing, in other words, implementing the tariffs, the US tariffs back in March, April of 2025, uh, you know, the markets dropped. The stock market crashed. A major collapse in the markets occurred. But what happened was that the markets then bottomed and then recovered. And here's the thing, the markets bottomed at the worst point of the news. The news at that point when the market bottomed back in early April of 2025 was extremely bad. And pretty much everybody uh was saying that Donald Trump was responsible for the crash and that, you know, we're going to go into a ban market and things like that. But if you recall, I actually went against the news back in early April. I said that the stock market had likely bottomed and capitulated and that was based on what I was seeing on the charts. But again, a lot of people at the time were panicking because the news was so bad about the markets. But here's the thing, the markets then recovered and rallied before any good news came through. In fact, the so-called good news about the markets came many weeks after the stock market bottomed in April. So again, this is a good example of how the markets are again nonlinear. And again, I give you another example. Uh in the year 2020, the markets crashed and that was at the time of the COVID crisis as I'm sure you remember the the start of the COVID pandemic. Now again, everybody thought it was over for the market that we're not going to be able to recover. Unemployment at the time was 14% and the number of COVID cases were rising. So, a lot of people thought there's no way the markets can recover. But again, at the time in my videos, I said no, the markets had likely bottomed and we'd seen capitulation. And that's what happened. Other words, the markets then pretty much bottomed out and they rallied. The markets rallied despite rising COVID cases and despite unemployment being at its worst. By the way, this reminds me of another good example. in the year 2009. In March 2009, at the worst point of the economy, when unemployment was at its worst, when bankruptcies and insolvenies were rising, again, everything the news was devastating about the markets and the economy. That's when the markets bottomed and then rallied strongly and started a major bull market. And that goes against everything that most people believed at the time because they looked at the news, they looked at the economy, everything was terrible. The news was bad. And yet the markets pretty much bottomed and rallied. And that's a good example one more time of how the markets often do the opposite of what's happening in the economy and what people think. What we need to remember, this is the key thing I wish I had known back 20 years ago, is that the markets are chaotic. So the markets are chaotic systems, which means essentially they're nonlinear. They're unpredictable and nonlinear systems like the markets, again this could be any market, stock market, gold, bitcoin, currencies, whatever you like. Nonlinear systems do not act with so-called logic or common sense. And it's pointless trying to draw any sort of common sense, logical explanation or reason as to why the markets are doing something. So my point here guys is this. Anytime anytime you hear out there, especially in the media or the news or mainstream media, anytime someone is giving you some kind of linear narrative or explanation as to what's happening in the market, for example, what they might say to you is if good news comes out, then the markets will go up. If bad news comes out, the markets will go down. But guys, as I'm sure most of you know, that is simply not the case. Sometimes markets can go up despite bad news. Sometimes the markets can go down despite good news. It's simply there's absolutely no linear correlation between good news in quotation marks and what the markets will do and vice versa. And the reason why this matters and the reason why I'm making this video is because anytime we forget this fact, anytime we assume that the markets are logical, that they have to make common sense, what happens is is that we often miss opportunities or we ignore significant risks. Okay? So for example, when the markets are rallying higher and making new highs and you know just going higher and higher, what often people will do is they look at the news and the fundamentals and everything's great. Check this out. Look at this over here. There's a nice horse and carriage. So, what people often do is they look at the news or the so-called fundamentals and everything's looking good, you know, especially during a rally, you know, in good economic times and in a bull market and they say, well, nothing can go wrong. But as a matter of fact, often the markets top and then reverse into a downtrend at a point when you least expect it. And what we have to remember is that fundamentals lag the price action. It's price action that is leading. fundamentals lag behind it. So what what often happens is people ignore significant risks because they're too focused on the news and so-called fundamentals. The opposite also happens too. Sometimes people miss opportunities because they're panicking because they're too scared because they're watching the news and the news is all negative. It's all fearful making people scared. And by the way, that is exactly what happened in March, April 2025 when the markets dropped at the time people were too focused on the negative news. Why? Because as we know they think that the markets are rational. They have to make common sense. So when they see and hear negative news out there, you know, all the kind of bad news that makes them fearful, they think, well, how can the markets possibly go back up? And again, guys, that's because they've been conditioned, most people have been conditioned to think that the markets are linear, whereas in fact the markets are chaotic. But for those of you let me just say if you're watching this video and if you appreciate this fact that I'm sharing with you because it's such an important thing to remember uh you know in the book uh thus spokes our thrust fried ner says giving actually is quite easy but the difficult part is whether someone takes it where someone actually accepts and appreciates what that person is giving to you. So, I'm doing my best here to share and give you some important information, something I've learned from my experience. But my guess is that 99% of people out there who are watching this video right now probably will forget everything I've said or reject everything I've said. And that's okay. Doesn't matter. But that 1% of you who I hope will inspire and maybe you will learn something from this video, I hope it will help you. The bottom line and the key point what I want to share with you in this video is look at the price action. Look at the charts. The charts is what you need to know. As the famous investor Bernard Baruk once said, "Show me the charts and I'll tell you the news." By the way, guys, one important point I need to make here is this. Sometimes people think what I'm saying here in this video is that they think wrongly that what I'm saying is that news has no effect whatsoever on the price. No, that's not what I'm saying. Certain news events can cause volatility in the price. They can cause huge movements in the price action. So, they can act as a catalyst for the price movement. What I am saying here, however, is that news or fundamentals are not what drives price direction. Price direction is something different. And that is driven mostly by sentiment. Other words, the emotional behavior of the crowd, the psychology and the behavior of the masses. And what you'll find is the media, the news media will often use the same news story for whatever direction the price moves. For example, when good news comes out and price goes up, they'll say, "Oh, well, there you go. Good news caused the price to go up." But when the price on the very same day goes down in the opposite direction, they'll use the same news story to explain why it went down, they'll say, "Oh, well, investors or the markets ignored the good news and that's why it dropped." Which is again complete nonsense. So again, guys, the next time the news media tried to explain why the price went in a certain direction based on the news, look for what happens when price does the exact opposite. They'll use the same news story to explain why it went down. which goes back to what I'm saying here in this video, which is why we cannot rely on the news or fundamentals to explain what's happening in the price. All right, guys. So, from here in Salsburg in Austria, I want to wish you a fantastic Christmas holiday. By the way, guys, if you're not a member, uh, go ahead and check out this link you see here and join, become a member. I look forward to seeing you next video update. All right, guys. Cheers.