============================================================
Video: Evw84oxGP70
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Markets Freefalling
Date: 2025-04-05
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9650
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:14:17.367839
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to have a long video today. There's a ton to talk about. We're going to go through the charts like we normally do, the major ETFs and individual names. I'm then going to talk about what I'm doing, how I've been positioning, and what I'm looking to do in the future, of course, and a bit of the bigger picture stuff. So, I suggest sticking around for all of it. But, uh, first things first, obviously, bears in complete control. Fear is a lot more palpable here than it's been in a long time in response to Trump tariffs. Looks like the market either thought he was bluffing or I mean it was clearly worse than they expected. I'm very surprised to the magnitude of the two-day dump that we've seen when you know the date it's coming. You know it's a bearish event for markets to still dump that much on a somewhat known again the details weren't known but known enough that you wouldn't think that there would be this magnitude of a reaction. So, that was definitely surprising, but uh we'll see where we stand. And bigger picture, I'm going to be doing a live stream a week from this Thursday where we're going to be looking bigger picture, threemonth charts, monthly time frames, one of the longer term pattern videos that we do every now and again. This we're going to be focusing on the monthly, the weekly, the daily, and most importantly, the short term. When are we starting to look for a bounce? So, let's get to the charts and go. All right, so we'll start on weekly time frames and zoom in from there. This is the S&amp;P 500. ES the futuresart.art.art.art.art.art.art.art.art.art. chart again, huge red candle, weekly oversold. When's the last time we hit weekly oversold? We got down there just about to that level in 2022. Just for continuity sake, again, going over some of the videos from the past weeks and months, there were red flags just one by one. We've been talking about checklists, right? What are the bare checklists? What are the bull checklists that they want to see accomplished? And first things first, we had the first bare signal was losing the weekly higher lows for the first time. And we could say, okay, things are different for the first time in six months when that happened. Then we had a close under, more notably for the NASDAQ, a close under monthly EMA 12 not long ago, a few days ago for the first time in two years. So we went, okay, something's different from the last six months, different trading environment. Okay, something's different than the last two years trading environment. We have to be adjusting with that. We're either pumping the brakes and trading less. We're we're shifting our mindset because the trading style that worked for the last two years will not work in this current environment and we just keep getting these signals. And now you look at the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500. I mean with where we stand right here, the weekly RSI being at 27, it's not massively crushed. But you look back and I mean we we are that's not even CVID. We didn't even get there for the CVID dump. We're lower right now. So it's very meaningful. I mean, this is you're looking at if we have a red week this coming week, the NASDAQ weekly chart will be the most oversold it's been since 2008. So, then we would say, okay, this is different than we've seen in the last 17 years. So, we're definitely paying attention that things are massively shifting. And again, I'll talk about it more in the long-term patterns video live stream that we'll do, but uh we're there's a ton of charts that have a lot of space for a monthly low or high. And the definition for a bare market is, you know, minus 20%. And I hate that definition just because it's way too simplistic. You know what? You can be in a bare market for a day or a can be in a bare market for a day or a can be in a bare market for a day or a week and you can bounce out of it. For me, time is such an important factor for a bare market. You need the grind down. You need the relief bounces where you think, "Ah, it's over." And you drop to lower lows. And again, I've only been trading for 14 years. So, being in a post208 world, I've only seen a glimpse of a bare market in 2022. And that's what it was. Just prolonged grind down monthly lower highs and lower lows. Oh, a little bit of relief. Nope. Lower lows. And that took place over, you know, 8 10 months. And you just get worn down. And so when you get these flash dumps to 20% and V-shaped recoveries, uh, that's not a bare market. So the next big check mark for the bears, and again, they've just been checking them off. Everything I say they're doing, but the next big one will be confirming a monthly downtrend. You need you need that psychological impact on the market. You need to have a 10% bounce where you say, "Okay, we're out of it. We're V-shaping. All-time high is back in the picture." And then you roll over to lower lows that you you got to, you know, kick the hope out of the market if it's a longer term bare market. So that's the next major check mark is when this temporary bottom is or when this bottom is in for now whenever that is sooner rather than later in my opinion because of how extreme we're getting. But when that happens and we get a monthly bounce underway do we confirm monthly downtrends? That's the next big long if we do tops are in for the year probably and maybe even longer. If we don't then there's a potential V-shaped recovery. you know, every there are plenty of times in the past where I've expected lower highs in the indices and we Vshape back to all-time highs, whether it's money printing, cutting rates, whatever it is. So, I'm open to anything, but uh again, there's a lot of space on a lot of names for monthly lower highs to shape up now. So, let's zoom in. The thing that we talked about last video is we knew here that a day. So, we said, okay, weekly bare flag confirmed, check mark for bears. got to confirm a daily downtrend from here to follow through with that because if you don't, it's a bare flag with no follow-through. And that's a bullish indication. And so, we bounced. We knew the daily lower high was the most likely scenario. Again, didn't expect a freef fall, but we confirmed the daily downtrend and followed through in a big way. So, you look at the daily RSI right now and it's crushed. And again, you know, RSI, I'm going to talk about our super stack indicator. And it's essentially what we did was, okay, I one of my edges as a trader is oversold bounces. So, how do we quantify that? What am I doing in my brain when I'm making these trades that work out more often than not? Uh, playing counter momentum and playing counterfear. And so, for me, it's it's when all the time frames are aligning in extremes together. If the daily RSI is 25 and the hourly RSI is 42, then it's not the same setup as if the hourly RSI is 23 as well. Why does that matter? Because if all of the time frames are aligned in extremes, you know, the probability is higher for at least a short-term relief bounce to allow you to position. And so the dump on Thursday, you know, big red is not enough for me to look long. I was not looking long on Thursday because we were not at extremes only. you know, the NASDAQ was just getting some time frames oversold and so I needed another leg down. We got that leg down on Friday and I was looking long. I did take an Amazon trade and it worked out, but obviously that's not the bottom. And so my mindset as a day trader is I I hope we gap down as a day trader is I I hope we gap down as a day trader is I I hope we gap down on Monday. I want to get as extreme as possible because that's going to mean the a better bounce. And uh again, I'll talk more about my personal positioning, IRA versus day trade and things like that. But uh that's what I'm hoping for on Monday, just knowing that I am uh mostly cash. But we'll see if we get it. And again, the super stack indicator. And shout out to Toby for making this because it does save me time. You know, seeing all the RSI levels in a snapshot saves me from going time frame to time frame to time frame to time frame to get the complete picture. But again, look right now, you know, we we had a short-term bounce into the end of the day where five minute, 15 minute, 30 minute, none of them are oversold. So, we're keeping an eye out because some superstars on the daily time frame are meaningful. They've done a good job. We don't have a ton of history because this indicator is only, you know, a couple years old at most, but um the ones that have fired have been good ones. And let's zoom out here. So again, the NASDAQ fired the daily superstack on Friday, which gets me interested. Doesn't mean I'm just, you know, all in and hopeful. That's one piece of the puzzle that tells me, okay, we're now getting extreme. But again, looking back historically, we had the weekly super stack right before the August dump. Uh we had a daily super stack elsewhere in there. 12 hour. the NASDAQ had a day. Anyways, the longer term ones, even for Bitcoin, they've been playing out well. I like the longer term ones because they have solid probabilities uh in terms of when they play out. So, it got my attention and that's why I traded Amazon, which we'll talk about in just a bit. Amazon had a daily superst. So, anyways, all that said, super tells me we're getting to extremes on all the time frames together when that is happening. So, I'm definitely interested in a bounce on Monday and I hope we get a gap down to try and position. My style for positioning is, you know, catching a falling knife can be brutal. You have to have stops on every trade because we have environments where what what kills professional traders is you can do something that works 99% of the time and the 1% of the time it doesn't work, it can blow you up. And in my earlier career, when I was more aggressive, I was much more open to scaling in to maximum fear. And it worked really well in 2017 crypto. It's worked, you know, really well plenty of times in the past. But the more my capital has grown and the more, you know, I'm putting myself at risk in that kind of scenario, I recognize, well, you know, what if you get oil going to below zero, negative? What if you get VIX, Armageddon, whatever it was when I forget the ticker off the top of my head where that uh volatility ETF broke and went to zero. There are anomalies that happen. You know, what if yes, we're we're in extremes right now in the short term. What if a hedge fund blows up on Monday and has to sell a hundred bajillion dollars and everything dumps down to RSI levels we haven't seen in decades? That could happen. I don't know. So, I have to protect against the anomalies. And so, even if we're in extremes, I'm still using stop losses to prevent that from happening. And, you know, if I try a bounce and then I stop out, then I can just try again on another leg down. Obviously, I don't want to just be constantly, you know, beating my head against the wall doing counter momentum trades. But if I'm, you know, limiting my risk or stopping out break even, then that just means, okay, we'll try again later. And so, again, just an example, my uh Amazon trade from Friday, I haven't traded Amazon in many months, probably over a year. Why did I choose to trade it Friday? This is the beauty of of viewing the market as a whole. You know, Amazon's on my screen. I got 20 25 tickers on my screen that I'm watching every day. Why? Because it's one of the most important individual stocks in the market in terms of its waiting in different ETFs. So, I've seen the relative weakness in Amazon consistently over the last bunch of weeks and it stood out glaringly. Amazon has relative weakness. And then the contrast is what often stands out to me. So recognizing in the first five minutes of trading on Friday, Amazon has relative strength for the first time. Again, if I'm not watching Amazon daily, that doesn't stand out to me. But it's the contrast of what it has been. Amazon, it was the first sign 934 slight relative strength since open. So what I did is I grabbed a swing position just a market buy right on the open because that's much smaller. I don't need to worry about it. You know, it's super stack oversold. I can start scaling into a swing position. When I saw the relative strength, I then grabbed a day trading position. This day trading position is 10 times the size of this position. So, I didn't have a stop-loss that I cared about. You know, it's essentially like I care about my day trading position account when the market's open. All right, I'll grab a tiny little piece here, but uh I care way more about more size, obviously. Why did I use more size? Because at that point, as soon as I buy 16,953, I've got my sell order filled out and my finger on the button, and I'm just waiting for a red flag, and I would have been all out if we dropped a dollar. But fortunately, uh, the relative strength very glaringly followed through all morning even though the NASDAQ kept dropping. There's one point in time where Amazon was 5% above its low of the day, while the NASDAQ was like 02% above its low of the day and testing. So the relative strength made it very easy to uh hold this position and and you know I scale out. I turn day trades into swing trades where if I've got let's just say round numbers if I got a thousand shares and I want to swing 200 shares then I can scale out 800 shares along the way. And let's just say I you know I'm in 16956. Let's say I exit 400 at 17256 and 400 at 175. Uh I don't want to cherrypick nail and top. Yeah, 175 whatever. Uh that gives me an average where now my break even on my swing position is under the low of the day. And I did hold that position. I didn't like the end of the day 2% drop, but I did hold that position uh over the weekend because if we gap down, you know, we'll be getting back down towards my break even. And even if we gap down to 160, it's a swing trade position size and that's not a huge deal for me. So that's how I try and position get a profit cushion to be able to to hold some swings in a more volatile uncertain environment. But uh again the daily superstack is why I was interested in Amazon and for good reason. Again that tells me that is when that fires the daily, the 12 hour, the 4 hour, the hourly, the 30 minute, the 15 minute, the five minute, not just all oversold, they're extreme oversold. And so again, from there into the high of the day, that's a 9% bounce. That's a lot for Amazon. And you're going to see that kind of volatility. You know, the the what I find tricky as a bear in a bare market, and I learned a lot in 2022, is, you know, you get these face ripper bounces that are just lower highs in prolonged downtrends. And I have a really hard time holding bare swing positions through 5 to 10% bounces. It requires a lot more activity in my opinion in terms of taking profit and reloading because again I will never just sit through a position losing 10% on a swing trade. Really only an investment. I'll let that kind of long leash go. So I am interested. Let's just sum this up before we move on. I am interested in oversold bounces. I am definitely still using stop losses on trades. I'm trying to position where I sell partial to get comfortable and have a break even to let it play out. And then we're just going to look for a daily lower high. Right? So when we find a short-term bottom and the fact that we closed near the low of the day definitely has fear swirling over the weekend. We even dropped down a bit after hours. But again, we are at levels where we expect at least a short-term capitulation bounce and a futures 4hour bounce is what I'm going to be watching for uh towards the start of next week. The hourly EMA2 is a great guide. the last few days since the tariff reaction and part of the reason we didn't get extreme until you know the 10% drop is because of the bull move up the days you know we bounced 5% plus leading into the tariffs then we had a bull reaction while he's talking so RSI levels are getting towards overbought which means you have to drop much more for those to then get oversold but look at the hourly EMA 12 reject reject reject reject all the last two days I've has been saying if hourly EMA 12 is resistance the bears have complete control nothing is changing and with where we stand right now you know let's just say we opened right now and tried to get a bounce going we can bounce 2% before we even get to that resistance so that's my guide I know nothing is changing if hourly EMA 12 is resistance if we get over it I can say okay now maybe I have a bit more faith in a a swing trade attempt but uh again I like breaking things down into aggressive, conservative, barren bull. An aggressive bull is looking long into the fear. A patient bull is waiting for a big enough bounce to then look for a higher low. Keeping in mind that oftentimes you just get that V-shaped move when it's this volatile. A patient bear is waiting for a futures 4hour lower high or a daily lower high and an aggressive bear uh is, you know, just trading opening range bear breaks or hourly lower highs. So you need to determine what you are and you break it down into am I looking at investing, am I looking at a swing trade, am I looking at a day trade? Those are three very different things with very different approaches. We'll talk about a bit more in the end of this video. So semiconductors monthly chart rolled over. We've been trading sideways in semis for a while almost a year, eight months plus big bear break. So again, in the in the webinar, we're going to be talking about quarterly charts. And quarterly charts did help me find the bottom in 2022 and go long and have more, you know, long IRA exposure for a longer period of time than I've ever had in my trading career. And it was because of the quarterly chart. So you know, I know the bears are like, yeah, bulls just keep zooming out to find some kind of uptrend. And that's true to a certain degree. But, uh, you know, I am looking for, let's just quickly look at, you know, the S&amp;P 500. We were giving back a straightup move and we given back half of it. So definitely still open to a long-term higher low forming and that's where the monthly downtrend confirming it or not becomes so important. So semiconductors bearish NVDA I mean at this point again investing swing trading or day trading if you're investing being down 40% from the all-time high. Okay, you could start nibbling some long-term exposure perhaps if you want. Look at the three-month time frame here. We're going to form a three-month higher low. It's just a question of where. So obviously that's the tricky part. But there are no red flags in this long-term chart. this pullback is uh definitely inevitable. You don't just go straight up. And when you do go straight up for hundreds of percent or close to a thousand%, you retrace very significantly because you don't build a ton of supports along the way. But a three-month higher low, you know, I have more confidence saying Nvidia is going to form a three-month higher low than almost anything in the market. Uh so we will be looking for that eventually. We had a number of bare charts that we were watching from the video last week and I said that if the bears are going to be for real and see significant weakness, XLF and XLV must confirm their head and shoulder patterns and they did. XLF beautiful head and shoulders. The bear break was at 4705. One of the things that I did poorly that I could have done better, again, you're never going to nail tops and bottoms, so we have to be gentle with ourselves in that regard. Um, there's always going to be something you could have done better and hopefully there are things that some things you did do well. So, uh, the things that I could have done better, I had a a good a good short entry on XLF Thursday. Nailed the double top at the high of the day. We had five minute overbought uh, back burner. Remember those back burners work in uh, bare markets as well. Five minute overbought bear super bear back burner double top at the high of the day. I shorted there and I nailed it and I didn't swing it because I thought we were starting to get to extremes. I'll start with a clean slate tomorrow. Obviously, it would have been a huge win overnight. Uh if still in that position, it's the way it goes. Uh some of the times, you know, it's hard for me to shift from day trade mindset to swing trade mindset, but we confirm that week. I should have held that position for the possibility of the weekly head and shoulders because I've been watching this for three weeks. So, that was a lesson. But again, tons of space for the daily lower high. We're still in freef fall at the moment. We don't have a bottom. We're going to look for an hourly lower high. Well, actually, we have a short-term resistance here, 4510 to be watching, but uh again, patient bears just waiting for a daily lower high. Aggressive bulls starting to get interested. Again, another name three-month time frame. No red flags whatsoever on this chart. Just got to keep that in mind, right? Daily time frame, red flags. Fear, freef fall, threemonth time frame, no not even close. I mean, look at the back test of all-time highs. We would need to drop another 10 11% in XLF to even back test the previous all-time high and to test threemon EMA 12 support. So again, if we're going to be talking about a multipleear top or things like that, you know, I see so many obviously emotions are running wild on social media. People talking like this is just like 2008. I'm nowhere near saying that at this point. So maybe that'll change. Maybe I'll be wrong. But uh I'm not at that level of fear. No way. Not yet. XLV, I love the setup on XLV just because I love when there's fractal patterns. This was a two-day head and shoulders we were talking about. And it was a two-day head and shoulders to form the right shoulder in a monthly head and shoulders. And we've been talking about this monthly head and shoulders for five months in the long-term pattern video to end last year. We were right here and I was talking about if we hold this support, we're going to scout the monthly lower high and watch for this head and shoulders. Why was I looking for a monthly head and shoulders? because the 12-ear chart just gave us the most bearish yearly candle in 15 years for healthcare and I'm looking for yearly consolidation in this sector and it is definitely shaping up and we're going to look for a yearly higher low above 6798 but it may take you know I was talking about in that video we may be putting in the top in the healthcare sector for multiple years with how this chart looks and that is uh a higher probability now just need to break 1332 to get that going. And again, another one where there's I I love where I'm positioned comparatively. You know, day trade account alltime highs, IRA definitely down. Um but I fumbled the bare side this week because again, I had an XLF short on Thursday and when we broke the high of Wednesday, I stopped out and uh it was a pretty like an insignificant tiny loss, pretty much break even stopout. But man, would have been a if I held that and XLF accounts would be ripping in all-time highs uh from Friday's move. But again, just lessons. I'm definitely doing better than the CVID dump. I'm doing better than the 2022 bare market. Still have some hedge positions in my IRA. Only a third of them. That's another thing I could have done better. Again, you can always do so many things better. And this is coming from the professional with a day trade account at all-time highs. But, uh, could have done, let's see, what was the thing I did wrong here? Oh, so I I scaled out my hedge, twothirds of my hedge into this weakness. Great. We bounced and I didn't reload aggressively enough. It was a weekly bare flag. It should have reloaded one-third at least, and I didn't. Uh so again, you know, my IRA right now down maybe five, six% from all-time highs. Considering it's the vast majority of SPY is my my holdings. You know, I bought it during the CV bid dump. I bought it during 2022. I guess we're mixing the me part with the analysis part. But uh considering that the S&amp;P 500 is down 17% and that's the the vast majority of my holdings and I'm down five to six%, that's a job well done. As far as the the overall accounts, all of my accounts merge together, I'm down, you know, my all-time high was earlier this week, and I'm down maybe 2%, one to two% because my day trading account has been doing well. So, plenty of mistakes. Always plenty of mistakes. You know, I I someone was getting into it. I was talking on my friend's post on Facebook and someone, oh, you know, because I was I didn't expect this much downside and so they're making fun of me. It's like, dude, being a professional day trader, I am literally wrong. I have been wrong a bare minimum of one times every single week for the last decade. When you're making a dozen to two dozen decisions every single week, you're going to be wrong one to three to five plus times every single week. And we're talking 52 weeks time 10 years, 520 weeks. I have made a mistake at least once every single time. How am I still doing well in in this game? Because you learn from them. You stop out quick. Everything you've all heard before. But, you know, when when people harp on someone being wrong, if you're consistently wrong, okay, harp on them. But being wrong is such an ingrained part of this game that it's almost like you see someone making fun of a trader who's wrong. It's like, oh, you're new. You don't understand this game. You're this this isn't for you. So, embrace the wrong as I am doing right now. But next, so XLV again will bounce eventually, but these are the this is a beautiful two-day head and shoulders into a monthly head and shoulders. And if we break 13481 more convincingly, the monthly head and shoulders confirmed, the yearly consolidation gets underway. We then look at this previous resistance zone, which is what we're testing now. Then we would be looking down here. So again, XLV is the weakest of the major sectors from a longer term perspective because nobody else is confirming a monthly downtrend. XLF, we're coming straight off all-time highs. It would take three months to confirm a monthly downtrend. QQQ, straight off the all-time highs. It will take multiple months if we're going to confirm an eventual monthly downtrend. XLB is already doing it. Tesla relative strength in the sense that we got ugly a while ago. We're holding that low for now. Relative strength was glaring on Thursday, but we did roll over with the market a bit on Friday. But I'm interested. You know, I love when I'm looking at relative strength and relative weakness. Oh man, we got a 40-minute video coming. When I'm looking at relative strength and relative weakness, I love when the NASDAQ breaks to a lower low and an individual name does not. Tesla, I was longing Tesla Thursday and helping my day trade account by doing so. Nope, it wasn't Thursday. It was Wednesday. Yes. So Wednesday, quick example, double bottom at the low of the day to the penny into a solid bounce 261 up to 271, 4% bounce, a little less. And at that point in time, the NASDAQ was dropping to lower lows. I look for a name that holds support when the NASDAQ drops to lower lows. If I'm looking bearish, I'm looking for a name that fails its resistance. It fails its high of the day when the NASDAQ or S&amp;P 500, depending on which individual name it is, hits a new high of the day. And so here we have, you know, if we can say that Tesla's positioned well in the sense that it has nearby support from recent price action. And if the NASDAQ reaches a capitulation bottom Monday or Tuesday, Tesla's going to hold these lows and uh will be still rangebound likely, but in a much better place than so many names that are in freef fall right now. So there's levels to play off of which is different for many names. So, I'm definitely paying attention to Tesla if we hold this support zone into this coming week as a potential bounce play. And when I am playing extreme bounces, I like to get the weakest of the weak and I like to get a name of relative strength. I eventually I essentially diversify my bounce attempt in a couple names because oftentimes the weakest name will see a greater percentage bounce, but sometimes the relative stronger name will continue that relative strength. Just one quick shout out to relative strength, Bitcoin. got to point it out. I mean, altcoins, as far as I'm concerned, altcoins are penny stocks, and they've been dumping for eight months, whatever it is, the last two days when the market's falling apart, a bunch of the altcoins have been green. We're flat pretty much today, but a bunch of the altcoins have been green and Bitcoin has been doing a really good job. I mean, again, we're correlated to the NASDAQ with Bitcoin, but look at this weekly bare flag confirming with massive followthrough. And here's the same weekly bare flag on Bitcoin. It hasn't confirmed yet. Now, could it be a lagard and roll over? Absolutely. But we can say this is the most significant relative strength that Bitcoin has been showing in a long time. And if you look at Bitcoin divided by the NASDAQ, you're seeing that we are at That's not right. should be up more than this. Hold on. Bitcoin divided by the NASDAQ. Maybe not. All right. Anyways, we're at multiple month highs. I thought we were testing. That chart doesn't look like what I looked at recently, which is why I'm thrown off of it here. Pause. It is the right chart. I must have been looking at the wrong one last time. But anyways, it's the the strongest Bitcoin has been to the NASDAQ in two months, and we're approaching all-time highs. So, it definitely stands out that Bitcoin is not dumping. And, you know, people are whispering, does is this the decoupling finally from that correlation? Is this are we starting to act like a safe haven? Who knows? But, uh, we can clearly say that Bitcoin relative strength this past week was glaring because everything was dumping. So, just got to give Bitcoin a shout out. MSTR also trying for I mean again just holding up so much better. Look MSDR was green right green on a Friday. Are you kidding me? Handful of GME was as well. So not necessarily the blue chips but uh it stands out. So still watching the quantum sector RGTI weekly equilibrium. Again try not pat myself on the back too much but we called this weekly equilibrium here two and a half months ago. Why? Because equilibrium is the most likely most common pattern. It happens when you have massive volatility in both directions. We certainly had that. I haven't been trading the sector in a long time. If you look at why my day trading accounts doing well this year, it's Tesla, RGTI, and QBTS. That's it. Two of the three being the quantum sector from January. Uh but I pump the brakes because there's way more opportunity here than there is here. So, we adjust when the market environment changes. And when we get good at recognizing equilibriums, it makes it easier to know when to be aggressive and when to pump those breaks. So, I'm still interested in the sense that RDTI did defend support at $7. So, it is still holding. I mean, we broke it by a couple pennies, but as far as I'm concerned, it is still holding. It can easily roll over this coming week, but if it were to hold, again, that would be enough a level to play off of, right? Just like Tesla, give us a level to play off of, and it gives us a bit more of a safety net than something that's a falling knife. the other names, you know, QBTS, a weekly higher low is the most likely scenario. There's a good bit of support in the five to six dollar range. So, again, just keeping an eye out on these quantum names. They're essentially just a leveraged version of the NASDAQ. You know, they'll they'll go up two to three times as much as the NASDAQ on a big green day and they'll drop two to three times as much on a big red day. But, uh, overall definitely still keeping an eye on them. Oo NQ potential weekly bare flag but we will again monthly equilibrium is going to probably come here just like that weekly on RGTIO and NQ we're gonna likely form a monthly higher low then we'll bounce and form a monthly lower high. So again it's going to depend on the NASDAQ but that's what I'm looking for bigger picture there. All right onto commodities real quick. Dollar. So dollar weekly bare flag confirmed following through next major support zone is in play now. Now again, look at all these lows down here. Let's just draw this range. And we're approaching it. Held it one, two, three, four, five times on the monthly. And so back in play. Still a sideways range overall. Gold sold off on Friday. when when you get significant fear and go back and look at 2008 again. Look at the I made a video Dan's plan when it hits the fan talking about being prepared for big fear because we were in euphoria when I made that video and then see vid happens. It was really good timing a couple months later but uh that's a really good video. Uh just look up Dan's plan fan chart guys and um I talk about how in 2008 every when there's major fear everything sells off together and the relative strength and weakness really presents itself when the dust starts to sell settle. You shake the snow globe and all the flakes are going crazy and then as they start to settle you you see where the money is rotating to. You know, utilities did dump on Friday in a big way. Thursday, they stood out. I mean, it changes so fast, right? And a lot of that to do is with the VIX spike, huge VIX spike up on Friday, but you know, gold held on fine Thursday. Gold or utilities held on fine Thursday. Those are the safe havens. And then Friday, it's an oh moment where uh okay, sell everything. And I was in that boat a little bit in the sense that, you know, I still have my minor swing positions. I recognized the red flags and I still hold half of my remaining swings. Maybe not that high up, but on the morning bounce of Thursday saying, okay, this is potentially a second opportunity to lighten up because it is getting to oh no moment. And then I put the stop under the low of that day for the rest to ensure profit from entries. I forget when somewhere back here, but um out of those positions now. And again, huge red day for the miners. Still a weekly uptrend, but gold weekly consolidation potentially shaping up. Again, we just ran so much. You know, monthly consolidation won't surprise us the next time it happens. Step one is for bears to confirm a daily downtrend. We're going to be watching for the possibility of a head and shoulders on gold on the daily chart. Still again, still no major red flags, but when fear is contagious and it it hits everything and again you go back to 2008 and the metals were dumping and utilities were dumping at least to start. So again those that safe haven narrative uh is a little bit of a shield but not for significant fear. Significant fear penetrates all shields. Silver massive dump. This was some of the most oversold shortterm. I think we broke a record in terms of I forget what time frame maybe the 4 hour most oversold it's ever been on some you know 4 hour RSI right now is 10.5. Uh it's testing monthly support. We rejected I talked about you know the most important thing for those miners is silver's got to break this 12-year high. If we reject it's definitely a red flag. Well we rejected very hard right from resistance and now we're testing monthly support and it's a month potential monthly head and shoulders. So, we'll look for an oversold bounce. We'll look for a 4 hour lower high. 4 hour stair step. Right now, when you're in extreme volatility, stair steps work a lot better. And Google chart guys stair steps for that trading strategy because it's a really good one that can help you get some really good entries. You know, just an example, QQQ five minute time frame. You know, if you're seeing if you're an aggressive bear, you're looking at this bounce straight off the low on the morning Friday, five minute stairst step. Okay, we haven't changed any trends. We're approaching high of the day resistance. Again, it would only be the aggressive bears looking to short there. But soon as you break that five minute stair step at 43528, your stop goes over 43792. So maybe $2  $2. My brain just stopped working. 250, $3 risk, whatever it is. So, 435 28 and then we just never get close to that stopout. It's just all bare from there. So, it positions you, you know, in in stair steps, you can stop out a good number of times, but the riskreward is so favorable that, you know, if one out of every three works, generally speaking, it would still be profitable in periods of high volatility. Oil, we've been watching this two-month equilibrium. It's breaking bear. Look at how long we've been tightening up in this one. This is a three-year pattern. We rejected right off resistance of 7976 by 1% and here we are breaking 6137. Not by a ton, but we're breaking bear. So, what does this mean? Zoom out. Six month or 12 month. Is this a yearly lower high forming in oil? Sure looks like it to me. It's been a yearly stairst step since the negative days. And again we can easily see yearly sideways consolidation. Again when monetary policy changes come into play things get extreme CID V-shaped low. So, you know, there are many times where I have to withhold my experience of most likely scenarios because a stock's most likely scenario is very different than the indices most likely scenario when there's a a surprise rate cut or things like that. So, I always remind myself that, you know, when I say something like oil may tighten up for the next three years, uh I also remember that, you know, anything could happen, geopolitical, massive volatility. you know, what are other countries going to do in terms of printing yada yada yada, but uh again, a yearly stairst step is breaking bear. We'll see if we get follow through. We knew the weekly lower high is the most likely scenario. We couldn't say we're going to free fall to straight lows, but it at least helps us looking in the right direction. Natural gas, I'm on the verge of stopping out. My last little runner along here, uh it's looking like a head and shoulders here as well. a lot of head and shoulders out there. So, I'll stop out if this level breaks and it's been a great run. It'll end up being at least a 50% plus win. I've been scaling. You know, I started I recognize that. That's one positive, right? So, I I said all the bad things I did could have done better. One positive I did here did start selling on this candle because that looked like a climax candle to me. Up 10% and you give it back in the same day after a 100% move off the lows. climaxy and that holds true. All right, so I've already talked a bit about myself. Uh, but again, just to summarize, um, so IRA down a solid bit from the all-time high, but very manageable. You know, again, boomers sit through 30% draw downs when it's a longterm. My IRA has a time horizon of 30 years. Hopefully, I live that long. But uh you know if I'm keep this weakness for another 5 10% down and I'm going to be adding to the long-term IRA again. The only times I have added are CVID and 2022. The most significant bearish environments that I've seen since I had enough capital to be thinking about long term. Uh prior in my other decade of trading before I had significant capital. It was all just day trading cash. Didn't worry about a thing overnight. I loved that style. Um, I still have the vast, you know, my day trading account is three times the size of my IRA. I'm maxing out my SE IRA where every year it's more and more meaningful. Ideally, I'm getting to a point eventually where I'll be day trading in my IRA to skip the taxes. Uh, but day trading account is still way more important. And that's why, you know, my combined accounts are only off one like probably like one and a half percent from the all-time high. Um, so that's what I'm looking to do. And I'm also looking to for the potential, you know, when we saw rates start to climb. Uh that's another thing that I had never experienced. And so being in a ton of cash and just getting a monthly check essentially every every month has been so nice. I've never experienced that in my life. What do you mean I can get this much money for doing nothing while day trading with the cash and still earning the risk-free interest on it? That's been great. But when that happened, dividend plays sold off because why am I going to hold a 4% dividend stock which has the risk of up and down when I can hold a 4% risk-free. So what I'm watching for is the potential that you know if we start to get rate cuts later in the year or whenever do we start to see a flow back into dividend plays? And I had I'm only just yesterday starting this mindset so I haven't done any you know I don't have any list prepared yet but that's what my team's for. Red Devil in the chart, guys, is already on it. He's going to be, again, we're just sharing information, help each other out. So, uh, I am going to be looking for some potential long-term dividend plays. With this weakness combined with an eventual rate cut, I could see that being a potential good time for some long-term dividend plays. We'll see one day at a time. But that's where I'm starting to think. Uh, bigger bigger picture. So, I've talked about this a bunch on Twitter, you know, maybe three or four times over the year. talked about it in the check guys room. So you guys have heard about it talking about my dad. Um but just want to share bigger picture perspective number one because I was right and I need to boost my ego a bit after talking about how wrong I was this week and all the mistakes I made. But no, most importantly uh just just mindset, right? Bigger picture um and technical analysis. So uh again the email I sent to my dad March of 2024, so we'll just say a year ago asking him how he's positioned. I asked because there's a potential we are about to continue this meltup for 15% plus and if that happens I will be very adamantly advising you to exit stock exposure into the euphoria strength. Everyone will be max bullish leveraged to the tits. As you know I've never again this I've never in my life suggested what he should do with his retirement because he's done the boomer thing. You put your money in it. You hold through the draw downs. He's been doing that for 40 years and it worked. He retired. He's traveling the world. It's great. Uh whether that works for the next generations, we'll see. But I have never suggested what you should do, but there's something unusual going on. And the harder we run at your age, the more you should be selling. We can circle back if the S&amp;P 500 goes another plus 10% into the summer. It did. And talk about real serious about your game plan. We did. Uh, and because that's the premise shaping up. So, we went plus 18% from there in the S&amp;P 500. And it w it didn't look exactly like the blowoff top that I thought it would because of this sideways range. You know, a blowoff top is what Meta did. That's a blowoff top. Straight up. I mean, we agreeing what, 15 days in a row, 20, whatever it was. It was insane. That's a blowoff top. I thought the market was going to do that. It didn't quite look like it, but the percentage move was enough to still take the actionable steps. I say, you know, 15% plus more. We're now 18%. So, and you know, age is a huge factor. He's 73 now and retired. And if you have he had 50% stock exposure that is way too much. The NASDAQ went plus 116% from the 2022 low in two years. That is not sustainable. You are not you can't hold those gains for a a bigger picture. You have to see draw down. And so again if you you know if you're 52 you can hold for another two decades and you can sit through these draw downs as people have been doing for decades. But if you're if you have a a financial advisor or a money manager or whoever for your parents, your friends, for you, whatever, if they were not advising for you to be sizing down your stock exposure for a 65 plus year old into that euphoria, that's a major red flag. That's that's easy. That should be the standard decision-making process. What's the riskreward? What's the reward? What's the risk? Okay, you miss another 20% of upside. You know, would you what's worse for a 70 year old to miss 20% more gains or to give back 20% of what you currently have and are mentally preparing for for your retirement? And for me, the answer is always the second one. So, uh, he sized down considerably into the end of last year, didn't nail the top, don't need to. Uh, is that going to be, you know, what if what if we Vshape and hit new alltime highs? Then it won't be a good call. It'll be, well, he could have just held through like he did all the other times. But if we keep dropping, if we drop 20, 25, 30% in the markets, then it will be the right decision. But again, it's just that mindset of euphoria. And note the thing I want to tie this together is note when I sent that email in March 2024, I had no idea who would be president. I had no idea anything about tariffs. I did not know one fundamental thing about what the reason for the drop would be. But I knew that the charts were saying this has to happen because it's inevitable. The runup was way too similar to the C vid bottom that led to 2022. I mean, the metrics weren't quite as extreme, but definitely comparable enough to prepare for a longer term draw down in the same manner that we did in 2022. Uh, and so again, that to me is just big shout out to technical analysis where you don't need to know the why to know what a potential most likely scenario is. And the biggest factor for me, of course, the charts being overextended, but sentiment, psychology, hurt emotions. Again, after the election, my neighbor right there, my friend's dad calling me, texting me, hey, I want to put some money into stock market for the first time. Huge red flag. There was so much euphoria. Crypto, Bitcoin's going up and it's insane. There were just plenty of signals of euphoria. And when you see that kind of euphoria after being in a bull move for two years to extreme percentages, Meta went up 750% in two years, you have to shift your mindset. When when we're in euphoria, I'm constantly reminding myself, remember the fear, Dan. Remember the fear because after euphoria quickly comes fear every single time. And when we're in the fear, like right now, remember the euphoria. You're constantly, again, being a successful trader is rewiring your brain to do the opposite of what nature tells your brain to do. And right now, everybody's fearful. Again, I'm not saying buy handover fist, but the people that were messaging me, and there was 10 plus of them it told not to buy to end last year because you do not go long-term in euphoria, I'm now messaging and saying, "Hey, this is the fear we were waiting for. DCA dollar cost average in break it up into 20% buy 20% now buy 20% in a month and then the next month uh because this is the environment for putting capital to work for long term you know 5 10 20 year time horizon because again you know when I was loading my IRA for the first time ever during CVID and during 2022 I wasn't nailing the bottom I was just scaling in and I didn't expect to nail the bottom I just knew that if I'm looking decades out this is the kind fear that I want to be buying and uh again I'm not adding to my IRA long-term multiple decades position right now because I just being a little bit more cautious but you know drop another 10% and that will be on the table for sure and as I mentioned the dividends may be on the table regardless so that's where I've stand this is the longest video I've done in a long time I appreciate you sticking with me uh there's lots to learn again I can highlight five big mistakes I made and five things I did really well. And so if you find yourself getting down on yourself, write out a list, things I did well. Highlight the things you did wrong because you want to learn from them, but don't beat up on yourself. I'm so bad. I'm an idiot. I did the worst things ever. Because again, even the professionals are constantly making mistakes and constantly have things they could have done better. So that's the main takeaway. Stay protective. Use a stop-loss. We got to protect. again closing at the low on a second gap down 10% down in a two days. You know, I don't know if hedge funds are going to blow up. I don't know anything. So, I have to protect against a potential 0.5% scenario, an anomaly, a market anomaly. Got to protect against it. No matter what happens in these markets, I will not give back an amount of profit of my gains in my career that will have any significant impact. That also means I'm not going to double my net worth over the next two years. But that's the trade-off. And that's what you get when you switch from aggressive, which I was 2015, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, and you shift to conservative. All right, do good things. I'll post a link for SuperSack if you're interested. Again, this was definitely not a sales pitch. It's what I use. The super stacks in my brain, but I do like that nice save me some time little window there. Do good things. Establish a game plan in advance, right? The last thing we want to be doing is just going by the seat of our pants, you know, sit down at the desk Monday morning and start clicking buttons. No, write it down. Write it down. Get a pen and paper. Write things down. I cannot suggest that enough. Do good things. Interact with other people. Whatever community it is. Jack guys community is great, but there's plenty of them out there. Even well, Twitter's a bit of a cesspool at times. The emotions just run rampant, right? When one thing that I do in the chart, guys, is I'm always playing devil's advocate where if we're in massive euphoria, I'm taking the other side saying, "Hey, just remember, and when we're in massive fear, again, I just try and balance things out a little bit because the last thing you want to have is group think of emotions uh taking hold." And often times on Twitter with no moderation obviously uh and no you know point person or leadership that you can get that echo chamber where uh it is all one-sided and so we definitely want to avoid that. Want to be looking at both sides of the trade always. Do good things. Thanks again for sticking with me. I'm proud of you for if you made it through this. I'm proud. I traded some digital numbers for some shiny rocks, petrified wood. Glad to be right. And this is the winner. Petrified wood from 77 million years ago. Meteor hits Alabama. It's a monster. Crystallization. Termite holes. Shout out to Bruce who was sad to part with this piece.