============================================================
Video: PXQpGyE7fps
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Back on Offense?
Date: 2025-12-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5674
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:08.437647
============================================================

Buyers defended against the key demand zone but aren't yet positioned well for new highs. So what do they need to get done next week in order to do so and how much selling would be problematic bigger picture. My name is Lamont, full-time trader part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the spring report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So let's get into it. Okay, so starting off with SPY. Last week, if you recall, we were discussing how the uh buyers are back on defense, right? Because what ended up happening last week was we just kind of chopped around within this all-time high structure and we closed the the two weeks prior under the point of control of this all-time high supply which was not ideal right that put these buyers on defense. If we had closed over or held over 68336 then we would say okay these buyers are positioned well for new highs um because then they would be affirming this structure as demand. So what do they have to get done next week to get positioned well for new highs? It would be to get over 68336. Now what happened last week was a very notable defense because what we care primarily about right now is can these buyers defend against this demand zone. This is the well let's just start from the beginning I guess a a trend is healthy right as long as we can do this the an uptrend I should say is healthy as long as it's something along these lines build an area of balance break out of that balance to affirm it as demand create some more balance right break out of that whole back test of the prior zone etc. This is how what we want to see, right? And so where is the problem right now is here. Ever since the April low, we've had this kind of demand zone over here, right? This demand, this demand gets built up. You break out of it, hold the back test, demand zone or balance breakout affirms it as demand, balance breakout, balance breakout, balance breakout, balance breakout, etc. So as of right now, this is the problem, right? If the buyers were going to be strong, as strong as they can be on this back test, they would have held over its highs just like they did over here, right? This breakout, all of these lows here held this breakout point, right? So, this is where these buyers are trying to hold now in order to be constructive relative to this big old block of demand. So, the last time we entered here, we broke back down under it. What happened? You get to the next target value high. You you get to the next target point of control. The second time they get even further. they get all the way to the opposing end of this demand zone and test this breakout point. This third time that they've re-entered now, however, so far, if this is as much as they can get, then the sellers are not strong here, right? This if the sellers are going to be strong, they need to hold us under here. Not just break it as they did here or here, but actually hold under there as well. So, this is our key downside reference 662.76, but the value area high is our next major reference. So this is the really the big one that we care about the line in the sand. If we find acceptance under 662.76 that that amount of selling will be problematic. And if they can't get to here the value area high 668.55 we know the selling is not very strong. So now that we pop back over 673.95 the best case scenario would be if these sellers don't even get back down here. So if these buyers can prevent another back test of 67395 get back over 68336 then it's back to smooth sailing. I don't think we had a trade zone set up this high. Oh, we did actually. Um, so it barely dipped into our trade zone. If we hold this area, they should try come back to here. So, we'll see if that will shake out. Um, all right. So, moving on to the cues here. So, oh, I should also say that there is still a lot of space for a day lower high under the all-time high resistance 689.95. And so, if these sellers can set that lower high here, that'll let us know, all right, they're still playing defense as they did over here. As they did over here for throughout these three sessions. All right, moving on to the Q's. So, for the cues here, um, lots of space for a lower high under 629.21 and very notable place for these sellers to stall. It's pretty much the low of this, uh, whatchamacallit 11th um, session. So, they should be trying to get here next 621. Now, why 621? It's just the low of this supply right now. This local supply. So, there is some relative weakness in the cues because for the spy, excuse me, just still a little sick right here. [clears throat] Excuse me. um this local supply is in the way before the all-time high supply. So the real the big kahuna is this guy, right? These buyers got to get back over 631.88 to be positioned well for new highs. But this is also notable, right? Again, if we use those same exact metrics that we're talking about in the ES and the SPY, this is the demand zone that these buyers should be trying to hold over. Here is the value area high. Here is the point of control. These are our three key levels of this structure. Last time we came back down or the first time we came back down into here, they failed to get to the point of control. That let us know that selling was not strong here. Second attempt to break down lower high right off of the high of the range. Hold right at that point of control. Failed to get back to the value to the uh high of the range again. Trade all the way down to the low, right? And then we have rallied back. So now here's our another attempt. And yes, they got under the high. They got to the value area high, but they failed to get to the point of control. So this is a notable failure, right? In fact, they failed more so than they did here. over here they got a little bit closer. So the selling on this leg so far weaker relative to this leg rel relative to this leg. That being said, they're still not positioned well for new highs until 631.88 can get taken out. Affirm this all-time high structure as demand. Um all right, so that's pretty much it. Do we have a zone higher up? I don't think so. Uh that was our old zone. Um no, we don't have it. So we were looking for something deeper. Really that deep? Not sure why that we should have been up here, but either way, I think I think we were saying we'll stick with the SPY because it's just showing you that relative strength right now. But honestly, if the you know, if the overall market's going to stay strong, we we really want tech to start um taking the lead here. So, we shall see. Moving on to the IWM here. So, for the rut, classic rut, right? Break to a new alltime high, no follow through, roll back over again. you know, the odds of us seeing some further balance within this range are increasing as long as you're under 25277. So, I'm thinking not terribly surprising if we chop around a bit. But that being said, there is a lot of space for a weekly higher low over 228.90 actually looks better on the weekly time frame compared to the ES and the ENQ because these guys, while there's a lot of space for a weekly higher low, um they didn't make new highs, right? The rut made a new high. So despite the fact that this is a disappointing breakout, the higher low is very likely and next week all they got to do is break over 25569 to affirm that weekly higher low being set here. And the key downside reference if we see lower lows 24498. It's this prior alltime high. Got to hold over this guy to move prices higher relative to that. Essentially affirming that breakout, right? We want to keep affirming that breakout over the prior all-time high just like the we did over here. This was a very notable hold for these buyers. So if these buyers can continue to prevent acceptance back under 244.98. So if we just chop around like this, trade sideways, something along these lines, don't get fine acceptance under here, then that would be fine. So this is our key downside reference, 244.98. If we see lower lows next week and the line in the sand, if the if the for the selling to become truly problematic, it would have to get under 240.88. Chopping around over 244.98 is no problem. Uh I don't know that we did it. Did we do it? We did it. So we were looking for it lower. I still think that's a pretty reasonable spot to be looking for trade. All right, so moving on then to what do we do here? Nope, this guy. The Dow. So for the Dow, daily breakout is being negated as long as under 481.93. Again, lots of space for weekly. It's not even beginning weekly retracement yet. So that actually looks pretty good. Even better than the rut. Um, I would say our key downside reference now is just going to be the low of this fella here. So, this is the local demand zone that these buyers need to hold over in order to affirm uh this guy as demand. And so, if we were to mark it up, we can do that. No problem. Just a little 4-day demand here or 6 day, 5day, I don't know, counting is hard. Um that much. So, as of right now, all they've done, these buyers are defending the point of control of this local area of daily demand. So, as long as they can hold over 479.75, then these buyers are doing just fine. There is space for a lower high under 489.66, but I'm not really wanting to play for lower highs when like, you know, when it's like an all-time high. Um, bull because, you know, for example, there was a lot of space for a lower high here. Lower high, no follow through on it, lower high, higher low into a higher high. So, you know, I just prefer to buy as long until there's at least some like meaningful overhead supply and ideally take out a demand zone, right? establish supply, take out demand, and then we can look for the sell over here, even though back there it didn't work. It's just, you know, things can go on longer than you than than you imagine. Um, I don't think we set up a trade zone. I thought that might be too aggressive. I think it's more likely that we chop around here. So, I'm okay with recycling this guy. This is really where I think would make the most sense if we were to roll over and test this high volume area again. I think recycling this trade zone, which, you know, already worked in in the past, I think that's the best in the short term, personally. Moving on to the dollar. Really no change in the dollar. You know, the dollar, this is just respond through trade. You know, as as long as these two structures are continuing to contain price, then you're a buyer down here. You're a seller over here. I would just continue to run it just like this. Buyers don't negate the change of this breakdown without acceptance back over 98.720. Lots of space for a lower high under 99.305. Market clearly telling us that this structure, this structure I should say, continues to be very important, right? with the this lower high pretty much right at the value area low. You can see the battle for it over here. Pretty much a picture perfect rejection there, etc. If we lower low here, eyes on 96.510 and I do think you can just keep recycling this trade zone. The dollar tends to spend a lot of time balancing, right? Like this is I don't know like three years or so of balancing two three years of balancing. Would not be surprised if we spend months in this range. Would not be surprised by that at all. Gold looking just fine. Daily breakout continues to be affirmed as long as holding over 4264.70. And if we just roll over, then that will just set up trades off of this guy. Again, like we're very it's very likely that we're looking at a situation like this where you're just trading sideways. And so there's the potential that you'll see like a lower low like this this low this low over here below this low. I wouldn't be surprised if we see a low under this low, but if we keep holding this structure, then this balance is just, you know, that's it. It's just continuing to do this kind of a balance. So we can look for plays against the developing value area low or against this breakout point. If there's no acceptance above, I think that's the best bet for gold right now. Daily chart is bullish. Higher low is at 4271.575. Anything over that would be good for another one. And that's it. Moving on to NVDA. So NVDA still stand by this trade zone. It's the more aggressive trade zone, right? I would prefer to be more aggressive down here, particularly if we got daily, weekly oversold, which I I think would be roughly aligned. Yeah, we'd roughly get weekly oversold conditions back testing this breakout point over here, right? So once this line, if we were to sell, this line would print up, back test against here, weekly oversold, I I would be most interested in that. But we gave you this aggressive trade zone for you Dens out there, which, you know, no judgment. I'm could easily say I'm a DJ, too. um this is still very reasonable place to be looking for a trade right so as of right now they're still holding this demand zone and if we just keep can keep bouncing within this guy then there's really no major problems right now this daily no change level should be changed it should be I guess here now and so they're trying to negate this breakdown so they failed to do that over here and they're trying to get back to here 17965 becomes key but really what I care about is 177.69 69. As long as you're holding over 177.69, you affirm this guy is the man and these buyers are looking totally fine. Um, so that's pretty much it. Little lower low lacking follow through right now. I I you know, it's technically there is space for a lower high, but because the the context is just choppiness back here, I don't really care so much about that. I just care about 17769 and then beyond that 18314. If over 18314, then buyers move in value higher relative to this demand zone. is pretty much the best case scenario for um buyers. All right, so Bitcoin kind of just in no man's land here. I wouldn't be surprised if we chop around like this for some time. Um the key level is going to be 89541.25. Need acceptance over that level to affirm this fella as demand. Affirming this fella as demand should have us expecting price action like this. But as of right now, it's a really pitch battle for this structure. So, I really don't care to do anything in Bitcoin right now when it's just chopping around like this. I think down here would make a lot more sense. Um, basically a recycling of this trade zone, looking for this structure to continue to be affirmed. I think if you see a breakdown under this low, you probably see a retest of these lows as well. That's what I'm thinking at least. That's that should be the objective for these um sellers. And this breakdown not yet negated unless back over 9892.97. So, Bitcoin really is just a wait and see for me. if break down lower get extension into like ideally like daily and weekly oversold. I think it you would get it. Yeah, you'd have weekly oversold down here. So, I like it like that for Bitcoin. Um, and that's really it. Moving on then to Ethereum. So, Ethereum still showing us some relative weakness. It looked like there was a little bit of relative strength there for a tad, but now we're back to seeing a little daily lower high and lower low, [clears throat] excuse me. Um, so missed our trade zone, right? Oh, yeah. Missed it LA. We adjusted it, but it missed it last week as well. So, at this point, these sellers are still negating this breakdown, right? These buyers tried to get back over 3055 to negate this breakdown, but now we're back under it. I still think that's fine reference as our daily no change and wouldn't be surprised if we chopped around as well here, right? There's a lot of periods of balance in in the in the big I guess big two. I don't really care about Litecoin these days. Uh you can blast me in the comments if you like. Litecoin maximalist. Um but I would not be surprised to just see us chop around over here because this is major supply over here. This is a major supply zone and it's just really hot mess back here. Like we just been trading around in this range since uh 2021. So I wouldn't be surprised if we just continue to be messy in here. And if these buyers can't hold over 3055, they should keep trying to negate this breakout over here. All right. So key downside reference is going to be 2539.52. Lots of volume traded here in the past. And this is just local history. But if we zoom out more, I believe there's actually even a larger peak. I believe. Let me just make sure here. I mean, it's still more, but it's not it's not as much as I I remembered it, but I was wrong. So either way, it is a significant amount of value established here. So that's why these buyers are defending it. Um, and it's pretty much the last line in the sand. You trade through this guy, then the odds of us coming back down to test the this breakout, right? This zone, which held all these lows over here would greatly increase, right? And this is really the big area of demand that's held here, here, and here. So you really don't want to see acceptance back under this guy. Otherwise, odds of us coming back down to test the, you know, 1300s would uh increase. CCJ. Um CCJ, they still got these fever sweats here. Um CCJ just kind of really trading sideways, chopping around. I still care primarily about it here. I know that right now these buyers are doing a really good job affirming this breakout over 80.32. But I would still prefer it back here. It's just like MVDA. Like we can give you the aggressive zone and that'd be fine. It would be something like this. But I personally would be most interested if we get back down here. Something like that. Pretty reasonable. Just trying to get back to like the highs of this range. If we were to retest this fella again, like we can mark this up. That would be very reasonable. IMO. All right, so let's get into trade review before I pass out here. Um, so there's been some like um some hype in the marijuana space uh with this EO for potential rescheduling, which I think was signed. Um, but you know, it doesn't mean that much. there still needs there's a lot of hurdles still even though there was a EO sign. Um but I was just trying to play that momentum uh in MSOs. So the first thing I did was that oh no I missed this one. This one was actually a good one but then I missed it. Um and I was sick for last week. I'm still kind of sick right now but so I probably should have pumped the brakes and that is definitely something that I need to keep working on. Um I tend to just try to push too hard even when like personal context is not ideal for it. like when my dog passed away, um I just tried to press the issue and it just it wasn't it wasn't ideal. Like you're just not thinking straight. Um and like what Dan always says, it's like one of our greatest like like leverages like superpowers or whatever in trading is that you can kind of pick when you want to trade. And I don't leverage that enough. I think like I I just have this kind of immigrant mentality where it's like you got to show up and and work every single day. um like my parents never let me stay home from school ever. Like I had never had a sick day,  but I think that's a pretty common um experience for for lots of kids. Anyways, um so I was looking to get that done, but I don't know, it just wasn't sharp. And then I ended up distracting myself with ES and I think that's just a lot of muscle memory as well. Like I knew that I wanted to play this MSOS's setup, but then I was doing my pre-market prep. I'm flipping through the charts and then when the open came, I just kind of reverted to what I normally do. So, I I I included this just because it's I thought it was a good scout. Like, I was looking to play it was gapping up to the major daily point of control and the Owen session popped and dropped at the point of control. So, I'm thinking if incomplete fill and move over the open, probably a test of the point of control during the regular trading hours. And I was also open to the value area low to point of control if that sets up. And that's just in the pre-market. And that is what ended up setting up quite well. Um, and that was wait, what day was that? 17. Oh, yeah, that was here. This day. Um, so I'll zoom in. I'll show you what I'm talking about. So on the 17th, it would have been this, right? You open right at the value area low. So that's what I'm talking about here. Open to the value area low to the point of control if it sets up. And it really did set up. It set up right there. So you pass back over the open and play to get to the point of control. It gets right there. you would have stopped out the rest, but I think it should have been open to play against a regular trading hours high as well, but I was really not well this day, so I didn't do that. And I and then I really dropped the ball here on the ES. Like, it was a very fast few thousand um out the window on ES. So, I just decided not to do anything after that. But, I'll walk you through that because here we don't sugarcoat it. We will show you the good and the bad. And so, I'll show you what I did here. Um so for the ES on the 17th here uh these I just did these three terrible trades. No no I mean the second one was not great I think but the first one the the two were okay. So the I bought the passback over the open and hold of the 1227 1027 to 113 low. So that's this um the daily context is here on the 17th uh here. So I was trying to find this this this uh this passback overplay here. Uh here hang on. Let me find the 17th here. Yeah. So we held the low of the structure. Wait. Uh here. So we held this low initially. So I thought okay these buyers are going to try to defend this uh 67924 level. Held it. So, I bought this pass back over the open and then obviously we rolled over. So, I just stopped out of that um that's over here. So, you hold this low initially on this day and then move up. Should have been to here. Should have been to here if they were going to stay strong, which I did not. So, for the for the uh ES then, so I bought this pass back over the open. It was a little bit late. Stopped it out over here. Didn't get any chops. So, that was a fairly sizable um stop. And then I was looking for a chop on the regular trading side. We didn't get there. Not loving the ENQ. That's just a little bit of um context. And then I stopped it. And then I bought over the 6860 and 6860. Oh, that might have been typo. It should have been here. 6857. Um that's just this move. That's just this uh end of the day move here. So I'm thinking, okay, if we fail here and pass back over this guy, they should try to get to the open. Um and that would still be like a notable failure to get to the yesterday's point of control. That was too aggressive in my opinion. Uh, I don't think that was the best location cuz if you look at it, it's just here on the 17th. Um, that's just this point over here, I think. Uh, it's something. Oh, it's like this this high over here. So, it's just not the best level. It was I think it was just a bit too aggressive. Like, if anything, I should have been willing to play at the point of control, and if I fail there, then just just stop out. So, the second trade, I think, was was not great. Um, and then I just I jumped right back into it, which is almost always a red flag. So, it's not, but I'm back in on the yesterday's point of control. That was this over here. By the price back over, try to get to the open. Stops me out. And at this point now, 15 minutes, thousands of dollars down. I'm done, right? Like, I have to admit defeat at some point. Um, and again, I just wasn't feeling so good. Uh, so I just stopped. And then 1218. Um, 12:18 tried MSOS's again on the 18th. And that was uh over here, right? 1218. Bought pass back over the Deepo for MSOs and that was at 940. Uh hang on a second here. Let me just zoom into this guy. Oh, that's before that. Uh about this. So, it's just this little higher low play trying to get to the overnight high that's at 940ish. So, I buy this pass back over stop is under here. Chop it up. Stop out the rest. No big deal. Nothing burger trade. And then shifted over to the uh ES here. So, I bought the pass back over the Deepo looking for a potential 15-minute higher low. And that's at 11. that was here. So, at this point in time, the the we had ripped out of the opening range. Lots of space for a 15-minute higher low. This is a pretty standard Deepo play. So, I thought, okay, it's pretty cheap here. Pass back over the Deepo, buy it, try to get to the Diva, bought it, chop it up, stop out the rest, and then that was fine. We rolled over anyway, so no problem. And then that was it for that day. So, very nothing burger. Just a couple of, you know, tiny baby trades. And then this one was a pretty solid trade. Um that was 19th. This pretty much brought me flat. I think I was still down slightly or I forget. It's pretty much a nothing burger day. I was either down or up slightly for the week when it all all said and done. This one was a pretty solid trade in my opinion. Um and it was just I guess we can just leave that up. And it was just uh and this was something I talked about on the morning stream. So I streamed this morning and I was saying, "Okay, um I'm not terribly confident in an early trade. Even though this did end up being okay, I thought we were going to open up within range and value here, but we ended up opening outside of value. So, actually buying that open, stop under the low, trying to get to the overnight high and the regular trading RSI would have been fine, but uh I just wasn't paying attention during the open there. So, that's fine. And so, during the stream, I said, "All right, well, if we're going to if we're going to be really strong and see 45 minutes, then I'm open to a deep play. But, if we begin this 15-minute retracement before we get a really strong open, then it's more likely that we look we're looking for like some balance on the day." Um, and then we would be open to the deval, the developing value area low play. So that's what I was talking about in the morning stream. And um, I said I remember saying something like if you're interested in that, join us in the futures room. And so at 11:03, that's after the stream over here. I just bought that. That's exactly what I was looking for. I'll pass back over the um, developing value area low. So pass back over this developing value area low. There's a little weight to it. And it's also looking for affirmation of this uh, breakout. Right? So this was the consolidation of this opening drive higher. Then this is a breakout, right? And so if this breakout, you hear me talk about this all the time, right? If this breakout is going to be affirmed, you have to hold over this high, right? 25464.5. So it was a bit of confluence at the DV val and that breakout point. So I just bought that, looked to chop it up at the um 506.75, which is just this low. So this was where where these buyers should try to get to to negate this breakdown. chop it up and then I chopped it up again where the volume picked back up under this. So like it looked like this at this point. So there was a very high volume node over here. So you just looked to chop it up before then which was at uh 5530 and then I I took out the rest at the div.a um at the uh div.va here because I was just kind of doubtful that we would press into the next day plus target. next day plus target is here. And if they were going to just be super strong and press right up to that target in one go, you probably wouldn't have had this weakness right off the jump. You probably would have had much more pressing and then like really high and tight consolidation. So that was my thinking anyway and it ended up being um correct per se like you didn't really press much more into the end of the day. Um but these buyers are positioned well to keep pressing the issue. So I wouldn't be surprised if they try to press the issue first thing next uh week. All right. So that is pretty much it my friends. Um if you are interested in hanging out in the chat room getting these alerts sent to you, these messages sent to you with you know the logic for every trade. Like I said I talked about this setup during our morning stream so there was plenty of time to prepare for that. Um and Mr. Aanzi like Yaser he uh did not do it because he uh said he was gunshy. I forget just a pansy just a pansy move, you know, classic Yaser. Um, check out the link in the description below for our community if you are interested and if you are interested in getting trade ideas sent to your mailbox every week to ideas fresh uh fresh off the presses update from me update from Dan. Any action that I take for any of those ideas I will post. Um, check out the spring report links in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate you all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your session and I hope to see you all next time.