============================================================
Video: jOm2reB4dU8
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Stall Before New Tariffs
Date: 2025-07-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9612
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:57.769410
============================================================

Buyers stalled last week after briefly breaking to new record highs and over the weekend new tariffs were announced again for goods coming out of the EU and Mexico. So are red flags starting to appear for buyers? Uh or are we just going to continue to climb a wall of worry here? So my name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we will go over all of that and more. So let's get into it. All right. So, as I was saying in the intro here, um it's notable to get this little record new record high here, not see acceptance. Typically, when you see this a break to a higher high and you don't see any follow-through, what you should expect is the potential for further daily balance to increase, which is my narrative going forward. That's what I'm expecting um going forward. So, is that really a red flag for buyers? You know, if this isn't your first time here, uh you probably already know the answer. It is not. It's really not a big deal right now because what we care about primarily remains 61922. So, it was very similar to last week when we were speaking about the um breakout, right? What do we care about? We care about this most recent daily breakout over 61922 that occurred on Wednesday. If the sellers are unable to negate that breakout, then the buyers don't really have anything to worry about. Maybe they're they're they're probably not celebrating because they didn't really advance. But at the same time, uh the sellers haven't put together anything meaningful as of right now. You know, will we get another fear response on Monday with these uh you know, EU and Mexico tariffs? It's possible, right? But if though if that fear response Okay, again, remember just like we've been talking about ever since the April low, what do we care about? We care about not what the headlines say, but what kind of change on the chart can be created or negated by whatever the headline is. So even if we get a week open on Monday, we know exactly what to look out for, right? We know, all right, well, this is our most local breakout point. Buyers really have no concerns if they can hold over that. The next key level is going to be the prior all-time high, 61323. And then beyond that, I care primarily about 60483, which is the point of control of this this structure here, which was the prior all-time high structure. So, as long as we're holding over 61922, then obviously the most recent breakout still a problem. If we're holding over 61323, then the breakout over the prior all-time high is still being affirmed. That's not really a problem either. And if we can hold over 604.83, that would mean that we're still affirming this prior all-time high structure as demand. These buyers are still positioned well to move value higher relative to the prior all-time high structure, which is of course bullish. And it would also mean that because 60483 is pretty much the same level as this high over here, we would also still be affirming the June 24 breakout, which left a gap over here that's, you know, yet to be filled. And we still have this gap that's yet to be filled and this gap that's yet to be filled. You know, when you're just leaving a bunch of gaps uh in the dust here, that's a pretty bullish scenario. Now, obviously, we'll change our narrative as things progress and if those things start not being true anymore, but as of right now, as as long as those things are true, we just kind of have to, you know, carry that forward in our narrative and think, okay, well, there's not really any problems right now. Additionally, there's a lot of there's a lot of like uncertainty around the tariffs. You know, there the uh court of international trade um the 13th circuit, right? They are still battling it out right now. They uh originally they overturned the tariffs saying that you know that the uh Trump administration really had no authority to enforce them and then I believe there was an injunction on that right or stay or whatever. So then the tariffs were back into place and I think they're hearing oral arguments or whatever and they're there end of July I think is when we can um we get an update on that. Um and then additionally, you know, there has been there have been many delays in the tariffs and a lot of exceptions, a ton of exceptions like pharmaceuticals and semiconductors, a bunch of energy, copper, gold, silver, you know. So, it's like um you know, how seriously should we take the tariffs? I you know, I don't I don't I don't know. I I personally don't really think that the market is going to care too much about this announcement. But again, even if it does, we have very clear references to assess how serious the reaction is. Okay. So again, as long as we're holding last line of s483, that would still keep these buyers affirming this guy is demand. Affirming this guy is demand means that well, these buyers are still positioned well to press to higher highs. That's pretty much this the case. Whenever you make a new high over a new record high over here, all right, well, what do we care about? Can we hold over the structure that was making the all-time high? And you do until back here. Okay, back here this is a huge red flag. But then you just look at the next major uh all-time high for example, right? And this was over this big block which is where we were watching out for the potential for these buyers to play defense and and they did defend that. So that's really all that I care about right now. If we do find acceptance back under 61323 and then flip this guy back into um supply, okay, then that opens up the potential that we're looking at like more balance within this big old shop that we've uh experienced since 2024. That would be a bit of a red flag, but really doesn't look like any any problems right now for these buyers. Uh moving on to the Q. Uh nothing came into our trans. Moving on to the Q's here. So for the Q's, it's a similar situation, but what I care primarily about then is 55280. And then beyond that, it's 54128. Again, the prior all-time high is what I care about. And then the point of control of the prior all-time high structure, I'm viewing at just this little gateway structure instead of this big fellow over here. And that would just be at 53805. So again, the cues are very similar. And you're seeing like rotation right now, right? When the Q's are taking a bit of a break here. Um, you look at XL uh V, right? XLV and honestly XLV is not really ripping at all, but XLF is just still at the highs pressing to new highs. And I think if we look at all the major sectors, um, let me see here. Uh, all right. So we take a look at the major sectors and you does seem like there's a good amount of rotation. So here's the discretionary and they're at the highs of the week. XLC is pulling back just looking for a healthy higher low. XLI is pressing to all-time highs. Staples has been in consolidation forever since August of last year. XLE been in consolidation forever. XLU is flirting with new highs. XLB flirting with new highs. XLR real estate market has been lagging for some time. So it sure looks like there's still just some healthy rotation going on in the market. But again, we'll take it all one day at a time here. So, that's pretty much it for the cues. Um, moving on to the rut here. So, the rut, this is a pretty notable failure for the rut buyers to pretty much reject perfectly from the point of control of this big old block of supply over here, 225.99. I structured a broken wing butterfly targeting this area, and I just kept the credit for it. It's no big deal. But this is a very notable rejection just like this was a very notable hold of the value area low. after you hold the value area low, where should we expect these prior buyers to try to get to prior Richard Prior try to get to? Um 225.99, right? And so they they do get to their objective, but the sellers played defense pretty much perfectly off that level. So now that we're back under the daily no change level, 223.33, we should be looking for a test of this failure area low again um at 21940 because this is the structure that's in play right now. This is the structure that the buyers and the sellers are both trying to resolve. So next week if the sellers cannot bring us back down to 21940 and then we turn back around and can break 225.99 that'll be a good look for these um buyers. All right, space for a higher low over 21841. Anything over that's going to be good for one. And that's uh really it for the rut here. So moving on to Bitco next. These things be confusing me. Um all right. All right, so moving on to the Dow. I still think this is a pretty reasonable trade zone for the Dow. It's testing the structure just under the all-time high structure right now. And you can see that the market has affirmed it significance with pretty much a picture perfect rejection at the value area low, excuse me, high after stalling at the point of control over here. So this is a notable failure for the Thursday session to not get back to the uh value area high of this supply over here is a bit of a red flag. But, you know, at the same time, as long as you're holding over this low, the low of the structure of 43870, then you're still chipping away at all this uh supply over here and the daily no change level is at 43206. So, these buyers have a lot of room to work with. Again, even if sellers enter the market for, you know, in the near term, if not back under 43206, especially if under 43870, there's really no problems right here for these buyers. Moving on to the dollar. So recall the dollar, we were looking out for the breakdown against this supply. And if we did see a breakdown against this supply and a new low, then we were thinking, all right, well, where's the next place they should be trying to get to? Should be here. It is where they got to. This is a pretty notable hold of the point of control of that next area of demand. It's pretty much a picture perfect um hold here. But this is not a very impulsive move. Like yes, these are all green candles and they're really only green because um you know the the close is higher than the open, but it doesn't necessarily mean that these days advance. Like this is a flat day here, right? Because yes, it's a green candle, but you pretty much closed at the prior days close. So no no real meaningful change here. So the market's just kind of grinding up here. The dollar, I should say, uh is just kind of grinding up here. So it's not the best look to be completely honest with you. It's not a very impulsive move, but as long as you're holding over 97.130, then we do negate the change from this breakdown. And I'm thinking the likelihood now of us to see some balance uh below this guy over here, which is what supported price throughout all of this balance and over this guy over here is probably pretty good, right? So, the idea is all right. Well, if we're not going to come down into here, then what should these buyers trying to get to? They should be trying to get to another back test of this guy over here because where they want to get back to is in this big old trap that they just fell out. Um, so that's pretty much it. I don't really care about this little rinky dink daily high or low here. Um, but however way you cut it, weekly lower high under 99.015 is likely. And that's uh really it for the dollar. I think going forward, if you were to be interested in trading the dollar, I don't hate this. Like looking for what the hell? Looking for um I haven't used that in a long time. uh looking for a hold of this area and then looking for a trade back to test this structure. I don't hate that at all. And then the opposite is also a pretty reasonable trade, right? If you want to look for it like this, looking for a test to come back down here. I don't I don't I don't hate that at all either. These are both very reasonable trade zones in my opinion for um the dollar just like this was a pretty reasonable trade zone to try to get to the other side. And we set something up over here that failed. Um but the logic was sound in my opinion. Never know if it's going to work. You can only pick your location, take your bet. It's like, I don't know, like trapping or hunting, right? You don't get to know if you're going to hit the game or if you're going to do traps in game. You can only pick a good spot based off of is there a game trail there? Uh, is there a water source nearby? Um, did you pay someone to release animals specifically in this area, which apparently that's a thing for fishing game clubs? I don't know that. been looking at uh apply to join a fishing game club nearby and apparently they release um like feeasant and and stuff onto the property and then they do it seem seems counterintuitive but anyway um whatever some good old boys out there um moving on to gold. So gold here very healthy consolidation as long as we're holding over 3201.6 six and um that's really it. Nothing is really happening in gold but you know if you look at the other metals uh you are seeing a lot of rotation in the metals which is good look for these uh metal buyers. So silver pressing to new highs, copper new all-time highs. I think even palladium is uh is uh pressing to new like multi-year highs. Platinum I believe is also pressing new highs. So this is a very healthy rotation right now in the med market. So ideally what you'll see is you know once the other metals begin to consolidate strength will return back into gold if you know if you're like a comfortable selling options I I kind of feel like selling even the futures options right like selling CSPs cash occur puts those probably be pretty expensive but if you did gold selling like you know 290s or so to try to build a position and then uh going from there I don't I don't hate that at all but I maintain this is a very reasonable trade zone looking for this balance especially especially if we continue to see these other metals rip. Uh, moving on to NVDA. So, NVDA, I still think this is a very reasonable trade zone as well, right? The new daily note change level technically is now over here, right? Because you you did build this new area of demand and then break out over 15871, but I think playing making a play over here is kind of progressive. So, I would be more interested in looking for a back test of this big old structure over here. I think this is still a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. And if you're still in a runner, walking this up, I believe the last time we we suggested walking a stop up for any initiations in here was to under this guy, right? And now that you've broken out and created a new structure of uh a new demand structure over here, now you can walk this stop up to under this fella, right? Because you just just want to walk these stops up based off of when there is new daily demand established, right? You don't want to walk the stops up too soon, too early, um get taken out of a trade and not give it enough leash. Uh, that's how I like to give it leash on the when I do daytime frame stuff is usually like 15 minute. I like to walk things up on the 15-minut time frame because typically 15-minute structures when you're doing like daily time frame stuff. It's usually a pretty good um um metric. Like for example, on this day, it's kind of a trend day. It's not too impulsive. You create 15 minutes sideways, walk your stop up here, break out, 15 minutes sideways, break out, walk your stop up, break out, walk your stop up. So, even on a day like this where you don't get a lot of impulsive moves off of each 15-minute breakout, it's still fine. Like, even though it's a pretty grindy day, they don't take out the prior 15-minute area of demand, it's a pretty good time frame for for daytime frame stuff. For example, if you're a seller on this day, break down, okay? You don't walk your stop up from here to here until you see this sideways and break down, etc. Um, even on this choppy day, if you were to take this play off there's point of control and then you see, okay, well, your stop is over here. wait for the next area of demand, 15-minute demand to be confirmed. You don't really get that until the next day. You have to wait until this breakout over this high and then you walk it up there. You know, it can be kind of grueling when you wait for it, but you know, it keeps you in the trade, right? And then for here, you don't do anything until the next day, this breakout, then you walk it here on this breakout, you walk it here, and then you get taken out of the overnight session. Anyway, the 15-minut time frame, all that to say, 15-minut time frame is a is a is a good one to walk for daytime frame stuff. And then obviously if you swing trade then the daily chart in my opinion is the best one. So no change here. NBA buyers look totally fine. And um you know I got uh a lot of nice messages about this setup. You know happy to do it. It's just uh just like any other setup. And the only caveat to that is like you know I also along with those kind messages I also get messages of like when will the next one be? I don't know. You know you you never get to know. The thing with part of the reason why MVDA worked out really well is not just the methodology, right? It's also the context as well. Um just the fact that MVDA is I mean just look at their financials, right? Like just look at how much money this company is making. There's one of the few companies that are benefiting from um the AI buildout, right? Like this is an insane amount of revenue increase and that's all from like demand for their data centers. Like they're gaming. They they don't even care about gaming anymore, you know? you can just tell from the way that like they release their video cards. Um their their GPUs for for like the consumer like you know PC builders or whatever. Um so that's a big part of it you know like the company is is just a very strong company right now. So like you know not every trade setup is going to be like this. Don't I don't want anyone to think that oh it is me. It's not me. It's not my methodology. It's when me and my methodology coincide with a fundamental backdrop as well. A strong company in a relative in a very strong market. It's a strong market right now. So um you know I don't get to pick we don't get to pick right when it's again it's just like hunting or trapping. We don't get to pick when will bag game. Sometimes you get a field mouse sometimes you get a squirrel. Sometimes you get you know bison or whatever. I I don't Maybe I will soon, but I don't right now. Um, that's pretty much it. All right. So, I still think this is a pretty reasonable place for a trade. And really, it's just looking for a weekly higher low. Uh, I think it's also a back test of the yearly pivot. Is that correct? No. No, it's just looking to press to the yearly R1. So, that's it, my friends, for MVDA. Moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin is looking great. Bitcoin looks totally fine and it's another reason why I don't really think there's any red flags for the overall market right now because crypto Bitcoin in general is kind of like a more riskone asset and if it's pressing to new highs, right? You know, it's hard to believe that basically like if you're if you're going to start exiting the market, right? What are you going to sell first? You're probably going to sell like your small caps or highly speculative stuff, super high beta things. um and then uh things like Bitcoin and then you'll probably sell your durable assets, right? So if you know and the durable assets are what compos the spy and the QQQ or whatever for the most part. So, you know, if Bitcoin is remaining strong, there just doesn't really seem to be much fear in the market or or rather I should say it doesn't seem like there's too much excessive greed right now because what you would see then is like higher highs and then just like steep sell-offs. And that's kind of like the typical beginnings of uh long a longer term top being set. Like if you see a big old rip and then a big old dump, uh even if you get a big bounce recovery from that, like that's typically indicative of some poor location longs and some longerterm selling uh entering the market here. So anyway, Bitcoin looks pretty good. Uh we look at it in the same exact way, right? The daily no change level is at 110590. If these sellers can't get back under there, then they don't even negate the change of this local breakout over this local area of demand. If they can't get back under 112,000, then obviously they don't even negate this new all-time high breakout. And there's a lot of space for these buyers to defend against this all-time high and the daily no change level. So, that's pretty much it at this point. Now, uh let's see. Are we what are we looking at here for projections? Um, okay. So, yearly R1 is just a little bit higher up here. Let me just mark this up. Um, because I'll set up a trade zone here for this. uh 1 121661.73. All right. And we'll just write uh label it appropriately. RSI is getting kind of hot right now, but we know Bitcoin RSI can get hot for like a long time. Um okay, so I'm thinking yearly R1121 661.73 should be the objective for these buyers. So if you do get a retracement, ideally before you test that level, something like this, let me just make let everything update here. Something like this, I think, is pretty reasonable for Bitcoin. I think we gave out this trade zone, right? This one worked out okay. Um, so I think this is a pretty good updated trade zone, you know, for anybody who missed this or you're still looking for an ad back or whatever. Uh, something like this along these lines is very reasonable. It's 3R, roughly 3R, super low risk on it. I think that's a good one. Um, all right. So, moving on to Ethereum here. So, Ethereum popped into our trade zone, broke to a new high now that we're back over 2820.86, which is what was problematic for these buyers throughout all of this. And also over here, these buyers should be trying to get all the way back up here, right? This is just very straightforward rotational play, right? Like why were we pretty confident that this area would hold is because that would be affirming this structure and affirming this local daily breakout. Um, which has been the case right now. So at this point now, if you are still in your trade from here, you know, where can you walk your stop up to? It can be under this low 2475. And even if you stop out of that, you're still looking at a, you know, pretty solid gain here of uh close to 20%. Um, I don't hate an a reload, right? I don't really hate that with something along these lines. Looking for uh this area of demand to hold and then you're really looking for a test of this side. So the R should be pretty wild on that. Something along these lines I think is pretty reasonable. And that would be for like 7R. So no no red flags for for Ethereum right now. Space for a daily higher low. And uh daily no change level. I would be this guy over here 2637.96. This most recent daily breakout not negated unless they can find acceptance back under 2637.96. Um URRA. So, still holding out for this location. I I don't hate that. I mean, it's really bummer because I mean, I set this up for a member in our group and I I didn't take it, but man, that was worked out really well. So, hopefully we get a little bit of a lagger playing UR the uh you know, overall ETF. I guess we should have just kept it freaking playing a CCJ, right? Because it's showing you a lot of relative strength. Maybe we'll switch back to CCJ. Maybe we'll do that literally right now. And if that's going to be the case, I think something like this is pretty reasonable, right? Looking for a back test of this structure, which is the prior all-time high structure, I believe. Yes, this is the um prior all-time high structure here. It's also the gateway into this much larger area of demand. Man, we have a pretty good record for CCJ. I remember this setup back here when we were covering it on these vids. We never should have left. Baby, come back. Anyway, so um I think something like this is is is pretty reasonable here. uh looking to play to like the R2. I guess ideally it doesn't get there first. Once it does get there, if it does get there, I should say, then I don't like the idea as much, but something along these lines I think would be pretty good. The risk is kind of high from percent perspective, but the R is reasonable and that's really all that we care about or I mean that's what we should prioritize at least. You know, I think if you're a bit aggressive and you want to be in here, then like looking for playing to the R1 for the month off of this pivot and this daily demand zone. I don't hate that, but I think bigger picture, this is a easier play to look at. So, that's pretty much it. Uh, trade review. I had a pretty nothing um trade week of trading, I should say. Not trade week. Um, but we'll go over it anyway because there are definitely some learnings to be had. Although I think I failed to take the notes on the learnings to be honest with you. Um but there's still probably learnings to be had just reviewing it like this. It started to become so cumbersome that I I start stopped uh being super um detailed. But um but anyway, so let's get into it here for 77. I I really shouldn't even be trading Mondays. Honestly, my my attention is never fully here for the entirety of the session. So I really shouldn't even be doing it. I think it's just ego and hubris. um when Mondays come around, I feel like I can get something done. There are enough days uh where I could get something done early in the session that like maybe I'm just remembering those too fondly. Either way, um all I did was on I bought the ENQ pop and drop on this day. Um and that was what the seventh, right? Uh what's the seventh here? I've done my homework here. I got everything all the references marked up, I believe. Yeah. So that was on the 7th and on the 7th all it was was uh I saw this break back down under the regular trading hours low of the prior session. So over here and then sometime in the middle of the session like 44. It was just this. It was this. So I just bought this SS break. So, this break over here um back on the pass back over the open thinking, okay, well, if we're going to hook up on the regular trading hours low and then potentially hook up on the open, you know, this is these buyers playing defense. They should try to get back to all of this over here. And they just didn't do that. So, whatever. I stopped it out. That was it. Not much to go on. Not much to not much learnings in that except for I I I just kind of think my hit rate's not so good on Mondays. But um other than that, there's not really much else to draw from that in my opinion. Okay, so now we get to like some really choppy stuff. I've also had something like that's been bouncing around my head this week, so my attention's been very divided. I I was fortunate enough to speak to um a three decade plus I think four decade plus um he said three decades, but the math doesn't add up. He said where it started in the 80s. It's 40 years ago. Maybe he took a hiatus. Anyway, um or maybe he wasn't trading through whatever. Anyway, um veteran of the game and uh he was talking about the Tom Demar sequential system to me which is something that I studied years ago like five years ago and I did use it or six years ago and I did use it in my trading. It's just the signals were um kind of far and few between so I stopped doing it. But uh yeah, very successful fella and uh he was very kind and generous with his time. So I've been kind of mulling over what he's been saying. Anyway, I digress. Um moving on. So for the rut here, uh let's see. I was buying the open back test on the eighth. So let's see over here. Again, I've done my homework, so I can just pull this up over here. It is very timeconuming honestly doing this stuff. So if this is valuable to you uh go ahead and hit me with a like and subscribe if you wouldn't mind. Helps us out a lot. Lets us know to keep making content like this. So on the ETH here, what I do, I just bought the um passback uh I bought the open pack and I was using limit orders um on this day and I used limit orders for the rest of the week because it was you know one of the things that Mike the the the veteran trader fellow was kind of kind of encouraging me to do. I don't think it's terribly necessary because you know on for this time frame obviously they trade higher time frames so I don't think it's terribly necessary to be completely honest with you because you know he was like okay well you know statistically people who use limit orders fare better and they operate more like a market maker. Um and I I countered that with saying you know the ES and the NQ and most of the time for the RTY you don't even see any slippage practically never for the ES will you see any slippage. And then he countered that by saying it's not necessarily a tactical thing, more so a mindset thing. Uh, and that did resonate with me. So, I've been using limit orders more. I think there are definitely times when I shouldn't do that. Uh, cuz I definitely missed some trades this week trying to use a limit order. And, you know, the cost of it is not always that much. If I'm fighting for better R, then, you know, eating a little bit of poor location, using a market order and not getting in exactly at that level, I honestly don't think is that big of a deal. But, you know, I I'll have to like pick and choose depending on the context. There are definitely pros and cons. Anyway, um so I stopped put the stop under the low of the twominut candle. Um that's tight, but I should have been in the second one minute candle. So I just meant this under here. Uh chopped it up at the overnight high and then I tried for an ad over here. I put up the same thing. Limit order stop was over here. I tried to get to the overnight high and I guess that was just a little bit too tight or whatever. And then I stopped out of the whole thing and ended up being a scratch overall. And I wanted to be kind of aggressive with these um exits here because and tight stops because uh we were still within yesterday's range. So I just kind of was expecting a choppy day and we did get a choppy day. So honestly, you know, I'm okay with that. Like just getting away with chopping stops on a choppy day. It's like, you know, there really wasn't much opportunity anyway unless you're prepared for responsive trade. And I'm kind of, you know, more leaning bullish, right? Just because the market was still very strong. So on the uh 7th I was looking for affirmation of this hold over here. So I was thinking there's the potential that these buyers will defend and then press higher. So um you know that was my logic anyway. Oh right and XLV was also quite strong. So I was thinking you know there's the potential for XLV to carry RTY again just like it did on July 1st. On on July on July 1st you look at XLV um July 1 was over here and on this day it really carried the rut. So, I was thinking there was the potential for that to occur again. And uh I think the SLB was strong that day. It just didn't really get much going um the eighth year. It didn't really it wasn't as strong as that day. So, anyway, um I was working the limit for the same idea and then I stopped it, right? And then I switched over to the ENQ and I bought the ENQ off8125. So, let's go back to that day. Um is it the seventh that we're on right now? Uh yeah. So let me around the eighth I mean. Okay. So for the eighth that guy for the eighth it was over here. So all that we need to know was this level here which was like the high of the end of the day structure. I very often make plays or at least um make decisions or like I always have an idea of what the end of the day structure was because if these buyers can hold over the end of the day structure then they're just continuing what they did yesterday. So I think that's valuable. Um so let's see what I do here. Uh I bought off 89125 and um it was a limit order again and I was I knew I was playing to the value area high. So even if I were to use this entire um zone right like this whole end of the day structure even if it were to come all the way down here I think that R would still be uh reasonable like I think trying to play back up to the value area high it would have been so I was prepared to play off of this entire structure but I only got this fill over here so I didn't do anything else and I took the exit I didn't do anything lower I should say off this trade and I was just looking for 9008 because 9008 was just under where the the uh uh Deepo was the development point of control at that point was 910. So I just looking for an exit at 9008. Um so I get that chop and then I was looking out for more at div.a. So I take more off at the div.a here. The R was pretty good for those two trades. And then eventually we roll over and takes me out of the runner which is fine. And then I bought the pass back over the PDC and that was in um this structure over here. The PDC was higher up. This is not the prior days close. the the last candle, the last 414 candle is not the same as settlement. Um, sometimes it is, but it's not always. And so, I don't really know what the PDC was anymore, but it should have been somewhere in here. It was roughly the same as the point of control. I said, yeah, essentially the same play as the uh point of control, excuse me. Um, so I was just looking for passback over plays over here. And then, uh, let's see. I was looking for a chop under 902.25. And that's just this low over here. I was thinking, okay, if we're going to do pass back over um the point of controls, then they they should try to get back to the next area of supply. And that was this guy over here. I know that there's a low over here, but I just kind of see that it's anomaly of this structure. So, I was looking for that. And it's kind of a bummer because normally I like to exit off of uh meme levels, uh quote unquote meme levels. Uh yeah, and and it did get to the meme level, I think. But, you know, whatever. It's all good. Um 8.98. Yeah, I was looking for the meme exit. I just like to include eights in my exits because it's the silly thing. It's lucky in the Chinese culture. Um I did it again at the one more time and I said this the last 10 before oats. I chopped it up under the PDC. Let's see. Yeah. Uh I did it one more time um on the YO back test. I think that must have been here, right? That is 1008. No, it was 10:08. I was going to say it's here. So, the PDC must have been a ways higher. So, I did white pock back test. Try to chop it up. I think we do get that chop. Uh, yes. Chopped under the PDC and then just stopped the rest. It was like a nothing burger day. Was insignificant day. And then 79. Um, oh, right. And so this day, no, no, that wasn't this day. Yeah. Again, another choppy day. So I don't really mind that, right? Like if this if that idea was going to get going, um then then it probably should have started working sooner. So I don't really mind that. And it did end up being a choppy day. There was one thing that I I I missed that I I I definitely shouldn't have. Yeah, it was it was the 9th. See? So it was this day. The next day on the 9th in the morning rundown, I talked about um the value area high being the key spot, right? The value area high and the point of control even if sellers control the session and I didn't take a trade off of that. Um so that was a bit of an error, but that it's also because it happens like during my lunch time, my breakfast time or whatever. So yes, whatever. Anyway, so for 79, um let's see RTY chop and stop. Uh so the first one was let me just take these guys away. Okay. So for 79 uh I tried to lag it right. So on the morning of 79 I wanted to play the gap up open. I was I was I to play the gap up open. I was I was I to play the gap up open. I was I was I was, you know, I was looking for the uh momentum play for the gap up uh on the open, but I got caught up talking to one of our members um John Stamos from Family House. Um family, what's that show called? Full House. From Full House. Um about fake ears. So, I missed the open play, but fortunately, a bunch of fellas in the futures room did get that play. Shout out to I think David and Yaser, they got that play. So, that's that's really awesome. Um, they just bought the open right off the jump and that was great, right? This day it was very very good move. Even though it was a eventual stopout, that was a great move. So, nice job to them. Um, but because I missed it, uh, talking about fake years, I had to make a lagard play. And so, on this day, the rut was acting as a bit of a lagard. did get that gap up, but it completely filled the gap. So, I just made a play off of the regular trading hours high. Um, and I was looking for the back test. So, that was actually pretty nice. It was uh just looking for this move. Got the open chop, stopped out the rest. No biggie. Pretty good, like two chop, you know, for a few points or whatever. I actually wasn't sized up, so it was even a even a smaller win than I, you know, should have been. I just I wasn't wasn't dialed in. I wasn't prepared to my fake years. So, so I didn't didn't have the risk measured out or whatever, but I have a pretty standard size for the rut that I'm like always very comfortable at a min size. So, that was still decent. Um, and then I stopped the rest and then I tried again off the open and I was looking to play to the 63 point of control because I figure if we're going to hold over the regular trading hours high, they should be trying to get to this session. So, that's just over here. Um, the 63 point of control is over here. So, we're dealing with this session here, and I'm making plays off the regular trading RSI because if they press off the regular trading RSI, the next place that they should try to get to is here. Um, which, you know, this is exactly where they find pause later in the session. But obviously, it didn't work for me because we rolled over first. Um, so that's pretty much it, right? I stopped uh I I tried it here. I stopped under the I put the stop under the deep um the developing point of control. So, I played this pass over the open here and I took an exit here or I was looking for the exit here, but it it played out too quickly. So, I I did this pass back over the open here and then I didn't have the order in yet for 6.6. And 6.6 is just a high of the 77 session. So, it made me wait um I said it was too slow to chop it up. So, made me wait a couple minutes and then I do get that chop at 6.6 and then I stop the rest again, which is fine because again that was like really low risk situation. No, no biggie. Um, I had the stop like this under the deox. So, I was just working that limit order here and then I had my stop under the epox. It was pretty much just under this breakout candle. So, that was like a 2ish trade. Something like that. So, I'm okay with that as well. Totally fine with that. Chop and stop. I stopped out the rest over here. Didn't get to the 63 point of control. And then, uh, later on in the session, I did I traded a last man standing setup. Shout out to Jungle Funk. Uh, Joey. Uh that's his setup that it's it's one of my favorite uh setups that I've learned from anybody. I don't really trade anybody else's setups. I I've never really been good at that. But this one is so clear and it makes sense to me. So it it like, you know, I I liked it. And essentially what was happening was like at 10:30ish or whatever. I forget what time that was. Oh crap. At 10 um 10 49. So that's during this chop over here at 10:49ish. Um I was seeing okay well these sellers are uh stalling at the prior day's close and at this point in time the ES and the ENQ they were making new lows. So the last and I think Joey actually uses YM as well but I I don't ever really look at YM. Um but essentially the setup is if the ES and the ENQ are still making new lows but the rut is not that's notable because the rut should be the weakest one. And so, you know, that kind of sets you up for a bullish trade, a reversal trade, I should say. And um I think he usually doesn't trade the rut for it. I'm not 100% sure to be completely honest with you, but um you know, essentially it's like a um it's just basically what should be showing you the relative weakness is now showing you the relative strength. So that's kind of the logic behind that trade. I like that trade a lot. It's very intuitive to me. And so I set it up just like uh let's see, I was still working it. uh I just put it off the PDC and I was targeting the value area high of yesterday. So it was just something like this, right? And I thought I was going to miss it because at 39 we're over here and I'm working this limit order to try to get over the PDC. Stop is over here trying to get to the uh value area high and then when I see this breakout I was like okay maybe it's not, you know, maybe it's I'm not going to get it. Um but no, it does come back and so I say get filled at 1059. Oh, it was over here. Sorry. Um oh yeah, it was over this breakout. I was thinking, okay, it's probably not going to set up for me, but it did. Came back down to it, gets to the value area high. I chopped it up. Um, and then it was slightly better than 2. Uh, I was looking out for more under 2251. 2251 was just this low over here, but then I realized that's like super close. I'm just going to hold out for an exit further above, which was just the value area low of this structure over here. So, it's holding out for like 225 1.8. Um but it didn't get there so it just stopped. It ticked me out. And then uh this is the situation where I think um you know I didn't take it again here because the risk was much higher. So when I was taking that trade over here the risk was over here like this. That was pretty good R. But over here the R was a little bit worse. So this is a situation where my old style probably would have worked out for me better. Not really honestly because I probably would have played it here. I don't know if I would have given it enough wiggle to stay in it. I'm not 100% sure. Um anyway, I I didn't capture uh this move. And I think for the ENQ on this day, July 9th, that was this right. That was this. Yeah. And then there's a very clear stair step right off of the value area high, I believe. Um let's see, the ninth here. Uh honestly, it was kind of choppy. So, I have to make take one attempt here, stop it out, and then take another attempt here, stop it out, and then take one more attempt here, and that would have been good. um you know that still would have been better than this new approach using limit orders in the rough, but I I don't know. I don't really mind that so much. And um that was it. That was it for July 9th. And then finally for the 10th, I uh the only trade that I did was um looking for I put a broken wing butterfly on um targeting this area over here and I got a credit for it. So it was 225 226 228 and I I sold it. I mean, was 225 226 228 and I I sold it. I mean, was 225 226 228 and I I sold it. I mean, uh, I got it for credit. And, you know, kind of a bummer, I guess, like, uh, targeting was good. I did get there. That was my idea, but, you know, even if I did a zero DTE, I couldn't get a credit for a Z DT, so I didn't do it. I credit for a Z DT, so I didn't do it. I credit for a Z DT, so I didn't do it. I did it for one day out. And obviously, it rolled over. So, you know, all I do is I just keep the credit on there, and it barely even covers fees. So, just a taco trade. So, pretty much all just base hits, very, very negligible trades all week. But, you know, I was tempted to not do a trade review because it's like whatever. It's pretty non-eventful week. But at the same time, you know, don't want to misrepresent the situation. There are plenty of weeks that are just like this um where like you just don't really get much going. And that's like totally reasonable, right? Because if you look at the market, you know, what did it do? It didn't really do anything, right? Just it just chopped around. Um right, very very, you know, um low low volatility, low range. So, um, yeah, that's pretty much it. But I do want to shout out to Mark, who Oh, man. I thought I had it loaded up here. Uh, one of our fellas in the What? I thought I had it loaded up. Oh, man. That's a bummer. Okay, hold on a second here. Uh I do want to shout out to Mark because Mark uh he's been in the room I don't know for like a year or so now and he's you know trying to learn the process and I just always really like it when um you know not to say I don't really care if you want to trade like me however you want but if you are trying to learn this system it's always really cool when I see it work out for other people. Uh full disclosure, I have no idea how how well he's doing overall, but this is a really great idea of um great example of like what I like to get done. And uh for what he did was he just bought the pass back over the open on the 10th. And so on the 10th, you're you're over here. Um you're over here on the 10th. Over here. So you buy the pass back over the open. Here's the open. Hold on. Let me hide this. Here's the open here. Um, and that's really great, I think, right? Because first of all, you don't come or rather did we? I think we did actually. We're under the point of control. So, that's actually kind of aggressive, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It's actually kind of aggressive, right? We're under the point of control, but you're still holding over this kind of end of the day structure, right? So, you know, these buyers are still picking up where they left off as long as you're holding over this guy. So, he made this buy over the um open and I I believe his stop was under here. So, you buy this over the open. Stop is under here. Chop it up at I think he chopped it up at the point of control. I lost the I lost the slack again. Think he chopped it up at the point of control. Yeah, he chopped it up at the point of control and then he just walked the stop up on the 15-minut time frame. Uh, and he said he wanted to go swimming, so I was messaging him as as as they were moving up. But you just walk it up on the 15-minut time frame, right? So, you walk this guy up, right? You see this 15-minute consolidation breaks out. Great. You see this 15-minute accolation, it walks out great. And then his targeting was just based off of the daily point of control. He was playing to the same place that I was playing to for the broken wing butterfly, but he did it on the futures and and he profited much much better than I did or or the ETF. I'm not I'm not sure to be completely honest with you. Um, but yeah, that is picture perfect, right? And this is why I really like volume profile for targeting. I I think it's much better for targeting. Like basically once a thing occurs, once you see a major level hold, you can assume that they're trying to get to the next key level. And so you can just kind of bias that direction as long as each session is advancing. So as long as you're over the prior session's point of control after you make a hold like this, great. You can look to play to here. After you make a a rejection like this, you can look to play down to here. As long as you're under the prior days point of control, which would have been fine to do on uh Friday, although um I didn't I didn't do it. I was screaming anyway. So, that's pretty much it. Um, yeah, if you've made it this far, we really appreciate like and subscribe. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. Um, if you're interested in hanging out with a bunch of fellas, learning how to trade, trading alongside us, bouncing ideas off of each other, whatever, sharing ideas, just shooting the sometimes, um, check out our chat room, links in description below. It's a great place to learn the ropes. Um, and if you are interested in getting novel ideas sent to your uh, email every week, uh, get update from me, you get update from Dan from a swing trading perspective. Check out the swing report links in the description below. Um, otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thank you for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see youall next time. Farewell.