============================================================
Video: OUQui0IvVJU
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Extreme Greed in Markets
Date: 2025-07-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8067
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:30.982348
============================================================

Buyers made new record highs again after sellers failed to capitalize on a liquidation setup last week, not even coming close to testing the lows from the prior week to activate that setup. However, uh the fear and greed index has been teetering on extreme fear now for pretty much most of July. And we have the GDP report for Q2 uh next Wednesday, I believe. So, would a surprise contraction kind of derail these buyers or, you know, are they just going to keep climbing this wall of worry, which at this point there isn't even really worry to climb. My name is Lamont. I've been a uh full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chartist team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures reminiscent report. In this video, we will cover all that and more. So, uh let's get into it. All right, so starting off with SPY. If you recall last week, we were talking about the potential that the sellers could set up a bit of a liquidation break here because we had these three candles very close to each other and then this is pretty much just oneway trade. So, if you had cascading stops here all trigger at one time or rather in succession and then enter this one-way trade, that could have been a pretty squeezy situation. But, um, unfortunately for the sellers, the open was pretty much at the highs of the prior week's range. And then uh you can see on Monday's trade over here, it was notable that you got some long liquidation here, right? So you opened up pretty much in the middle of Friday, rally up, there was no acceptance at all over the high. And that's essentially poor location longs getting liquidated. But as we've been discussing since the April low, what do we always care about? We always care about what kind of changes created. And so just like on the daily time frame, we're looking at all right, well, can these prior highs be negated? um if not then these buyers are doing just fine. The same logic can be applied to the session to session perspective. Right? If these um sellers can bring price back under the prior days range, great. That means that the day plus sellers are playing defense. They're not allowing the day plus buyers to be affirmed by holding over the prior days high. But on the daily time frame, what kind of damage did they create on the next session with an open over here, a drive down under the daily no change level? The move under the daily no change level is the sellers attempting to negate this breakout on July 17th. And if they can't even hold under 62786, then of course this breakout from July 17th continues to be affirmed. And so there's there was very little acceptance. Did not even get to the value area high of this local daily demand. set a daily high or low and then, you know, boom, just rip to new highs. Now, that being said, it is still very likely short-term operators are in control of this market because you're seeing a lot of buying come off of like very um specific levels, right? Levels that big money doesn't really care about. For example, Wednesday's low um 62973 was exactly the high of uh Tuesday's uh session. So, again, big money doesn't really do that. It's really daytime frame operators, day traders who wait to for those back test levels um like those very clear regular trading hours high, regular trading hours low, overnight high, overnight low, the open, the prior days close. Those kinds of levels are particularly meaningful for short-term operators who are just trying to assess whether or not there's still momentum and they'll be willing to join the momentum as long as it's present. But if it's not present, then they'll just bail on that. So, um you know, what does that suggest? that suggests that we're probably still dealing with uh poor location longs. So, the potential for that liquidation is still there. And again, um the GDP report will be released on Wednesday. Um most of the estimates suggest that there will not be contractions. So, I'm talking about um the Atlanta Fed, their GDP model, and then also um I forget the conference board uh IMF. Basically, nobody really expects a second uh successive quarter of con contraction, which would technically be a recession by many economist standards. Um so that does create the situation where if there is a surprise contraction that that could derail buyers at least in the short term where people would you know reposition because again it's always the surprise that that can kind of shake shake up the market right it's the uncertainty that comes from a surprise um that has the potential to shake things up. Now, that being said, just like we were talking about last week, even if there was going to be a liquidation break, it's not really a big deal for these buyers, right? As long as they can hold over ideally the prior all-time high, next best case scenario would be to hold over the value area high of this prior all-time high structure and then the point of control 60483. So, we have these three key levels to just keep monitoring. And even if we were to get some long liquidation, um whether that be off the back of GDP or for whatever reason just a technical break, if these sellers can't get back under the prior all-time high, it's really no problem. Um now, for closer references, our primary uh level is going to be 62352. As long as we're holding over 62352, well then this area of local daily demand, you can see how there's a good amount of value established here, is going to be a firmness demand. And as long as this guy is being affirmative demand, there's there's really no problems for these buyers. And we're so close to the yearly R1 and Bitcoin hit the yearly R1 and like you look historically, you know, how often do you how often do um do do you test the S1, get back over the pivot, and then miss the R1? It doesn't really happen that often. Like if you're over the pivot, very often we get to this R1. Um here was that that 2022 was that down year, so we don't reach it there. But like practically every single year in the in the S&amp;P you hit the R1. It's it's not every single year, but man. Okay, so going back to 2016, so far they've gotten it every single time. So from 20 2015 before the 2022, 2015 was the last time it didn't happen. So it's a seven-year, you know, seven-year uh uh difference. And then before that, it's right back to it here. Right back to it. Right back to it. Right back to it. That's all the data that we're getting right now uh for this uh you know, for TV. But the majority of time you do reach that R1. So I'm thinking, you know, and again, even if we were to retrace all the way back down to here, this is definitely the last area of local weekly demand. So I I have a hard time seeing us not get there. You know, we don't we shouldn't be making predictions. But I I get the sense that the you know, because very often the market is, you know, what is the ruling reason? You ask yourself what the ruling reason is, and sometimes the ruling reason is just bid it up. And so anyway, that's that's what I'm thinking. As long as we don't get under 62352, I see no red flags at all for buyers. And even if we're to get back down here, that's that's the plan. Okie dokie. Um, I think we could like even pull this up. I think if we do retrace here, even if we tag the R1 first again, as long as you hold this guy, they should be trying to get back up here. So, I think this is a pretty reasonable trade uh trade zone for the near future here. Uh, moving on to the Q's. So, for the Q's, uh, same dealio. It's so close to the yearly R1. And I have a very hard time seeing it not get there after getting so close. Of course, it can happen. I'm not making any predictions. I never know what's going to happen. Nobody ever knows what's going to happen. I only know where I would be willing to place bets. That's it. And typically that's going to be based off of what has just happened, right? So, if something has just occurred, we've just built an area of demand over here, then I'm willing to bet that if we have extension into this location and if we hold this guy, then we try we should try to get back up here. So, I'm willing to play as a buyer in here playing to get back to the R1 and um that's really it. Um so, lots of space for daily higher low. Anything over 55861 would be good for one. Uh the daily note change that I'm considering right now is 56080. I consider that the high of this range here. I'm just using this high here. Um because this is the so this high when it broke you fell right back into range. On this high when it broke, we fell right back into range. But then when you broke over this high then you found some acceptance above. So, I'm just kind of viewing as all of this as kind of one area of balance. I'm I'm applying that same logic here for the uh for the spy. I'm picking this high at the daily no change level. Um because again, this this break didn't see much follow through and then the break over this high is what saw some good follow through. So, that's bit subjectivity, but um you know, nothing's perfect. Anyway, that's pretty much it for the Q. So, I think we can pretty much use a very similar uh concept here, right? If we come back back test this area where a lot of uh demand was established, where a lot of value was established, if we hold this structure, I think we probably should just balance sideways at worse. So, I think that's pretty reasonable. Okay, moving on to the rut here. So, for the rut, I have this white box here because I actually put a butterfly spread on um on Friday and I I cut it for flat because it just did not look like it was going to shake out. at least um not by the the day's close. And I just figure whatever, might as well just uh see what happens next week and just put that same trade on for probably the same cost if not cheaper. Um anyway, so this is notable, right? For the fact that the sellers rejected again from the point of control over here and then this is the response that that that they were met with is very notable like the goal for the sellers now should be to come back down here to 1940 just like over here. Now, that being said, you know, the the the sellers are the buyers are not really out of the woods, right? This was a good defense off of this little 4-day demand over here, but we could very well still be moving down here, especially because if you look at how um value was established, value was still overlapping to lower. Now, I don't love the fact that it's overlapping less, right? You can see how it's overlapping to lower here. the value this value area is lower than this value area but it's overlapping which is not ideal but you spent the majority of the session on on Thursday I mean under Wednesday's point of control that did not really happen or rather that did happen but in this on Friday the PC's didn't migrate lower so that's not ideal and the overlap is much more right you didn't move as low compared to over here so that was enough for me to cut the butterfly obviously it started off quite well sell off the point of control of the price session is very often a good Okay. Um, but you know, that's not that's not the response. I wanted to see pretty much what happened was the sellers just pretty much held the next VPOG and then bounced very much from there. So, that was enough for me to just abandon the trade. I'm interested in it next week. Like, if we get another week open, if we get a week open under here, fine. I'll try to put it on again because they they were dirt cheap. They were like 81 cents for a week out for what I do. I think I for a week out for what I do. I think I for a week out for what I do. I think I did 220 223 218 uh 213s. Um, so that they were dirt cheap. Could have taken some off and just had a free trade, but I didn't want to like this didn't seem like good art to me. I'd rather just risk it for the biscuit. Anyways, um, so at this point now, what happens next week for the rut? It will what what we want to see is are we going to come down here test the value low 21940 or are we going to overcome $225.99 again? That would be a great look to overcome $225.99. Affirm this this structure over here as demand would mean that these buyers are just a stone throw away from the all-time high supply over here. Um, so let's see. We've got a trade zone in here. I think we can probably bump this up honestly. Like it sure looks like these buyers are playing solid defense. Again, with GDP right around the corner, like maybe don't do this on a Tuesday, you know, like maybe wait until after GDP to see, let the market digest whatever the heck happens. Um, but something along these lines I think was like pretty appropriate. Either something like this maybe if you want to give yourself some more um space to work with. Something along these lines I think would be fine. Basically, as long as you're holding over um this guy, then I think they should be trying to take out this this structure. All right. All right. So, moving on to the Whoops, that's not it. Moving on to the Dow here. I wouldn't change this Dow setup either. But I think this very reasonable setup for the dub alerting with an all-time high break here. And as long as you're holding over this area of local daily demand, again, these buyers really have no problems right now. Nearly R1 target 46090 or so. I still think this is fine. Space for a daily higher low. A lot of space for a daily higher low. I don't care about this rinky dink one. There's a little gap as well. This is obviously these are all just all good signs for buyers here. Space for a higher low over 437.64 and 444.89 89 is the point of control of this all-time high structure. So, as long as you're holding over 444.89 and you can see how much volume was traded here, as long as you're holding over it, then you affirm this structure as demand. Affirming this structure as demand keeps these buyers positioned very well for a break into new all-time highs. The sellers had three sessions here. You know, they had a lot of opportunity to negate the breakout over this high 44601. They couldn't even back test the high and thus they couldn't fill the gap either, which means they can't even back test this prior all-time high structures point of control. This is all just good look for these buyers. Can things change? Of course. But we can only call things for what they are right now in the moment. And right now in the moment, buyers are fine. All right. So, I think this is a very reasonable trade zone going forward. Um, no change of the dollar either. You know, like I know these are like weekly videos, so a lot of the time there's not that much going on when we're dealing with a balance between two large structures. And that's kind of what the situation is for the dollar. I still think this is totally reasonable looking for a responsive trade just like this was reasonable looking for a responsive trade in this big range. We're it's we're like kind of here, right? Like what this price action over here is very similar to this price action over here testing this key structure, right? And this was the obviously the next most meaningful structure. When we fall from these highs, the next area of meaningful demand was over here. And so it's very similar, right? This is the next area of meaningful demand. And if these buyers do continue to rally, then just like this structure was offering support throughout all of this balance from 2022 into 2025, the sellers should now be interested in defending that structure as well. Basically the opposite of these trades over here. So no change to this. I think this is all very reasonable. This lower low back down under 97.130 is notable, but you they didn't really find that much acceptance under it. So the key for this inverse head and shoulders if it's going to shake out is to not allow acceptance under 97.130 which essentially will continue to affirm all the demand that's creating the head. That's really what we care about when you're looking at an inverse head and shoulders or a head and shoulders pattern. What you should care about is the supply at rather the demand that's making the head for an inverse head and shoulders and the supply that's making the head for head and shoulders. Like for example over here this kind of head and shoulders pattern. What should we have cared about if you were playing for this right shoulder here? should have been this, right? As long as these spires can't overcome this, well then that inverse, that head and shoulders, I should say, is in play, right? So, that's pretty much it. Even this janky one over here, right? It's not ideal. You know, this is not an ideal inverse head and shoulders here, but as long as you're holding over this demand zone, no acceptance under this demand zone, you should be open to the the potential of this right shoulder forming, even though it's like a janky right shoulder. Um, that's really it. And there's no change for this for the dollar. Moving on to gold here. There's no change for gold either. We're just bouncing right now, trading sideways. I still maintain this is the most reasonable place to be looking for continuation on this move because the larger trend has been higher, right? The gold is just breaking out back testing prior highs. Um breaking out back testing prior highs here, right? Break out back test prior highs and continuing the advance. So, uh even over here, break out back tested prior highs in advance. Um, so if you're a momentum style trader, a trend following kind of trader, which you know, I think most people most of the time the trend following the trend is is the right thing to do. So, um, this is it. This is how you would do it, right? You just want to keep looking for can this breakout continue to be affirmed? Will these buyers defend this breakout just like they did over here? If so, then fine. We'll just play take these balance plays, responsive trade from one side to the next, chop it up, throw a stop under the low, and then see if these buyers can continue their advance. That's pretty much it. Um, NBDA. So, NBDA is also still just cruising here at this point now. Um, I think we have a new trade zone set up higher. Correct. I still think this is fine. Like I I would prefer to be a little bit more conservative with this. Just like we took us a long time to set this up, right? This took a long time to set up. You know, we we set this up way back when. Even this one, the first time we set it up over here, I forget. Nope. Nope. That was the original one. This one, even this one we set up and it took days to set up, right? Weeks for it to set up. So, you know, when you trade off of these value areas, right, you never, first of all, you never even know if they'll ever get back there. But typically, because you need to see a lot of value get established first and then see a breakout outside of that area, you know, they can take time to set up. So, I wouldn't rush this. I would prefer to just wait here because there's just such a clear area of demand over here. It's a clear gateway structure into all of this demand that was created over here. And so, personally for me, for MBDA, I would just stay patient here. If you're a put seller, whatever. Just keep doing your thing, selling like short duration puts a week out or whatever, that's that's paying. But if you're just trying to buy securities, I would just wait for a little bit of retracement here, personally. All right. Tons of space for a weekly higher low. This is pretty much a weekly stairstep. Yeah, there's a little like dinky weekly higher low over here at 14203, but I don't really consider that much of a pullback. I don't even really consider this much of a pullback. I would just consider this one big weekly rip up. So, I would wait for some retracement for another play here or NBDA. Bitcoin, this is totally fine, too. Like, this is a again, what do we care about? We care about what kind of change can this the buyers or sellers create, right? So, this was changed into a new all-time high breakout over all of this local demand. test the yearly R1, which is kind of what has me thinking the NDX and the S&amp;P will probably the ESVQ SS spy QQQ whatever will probably hit the R1 as well is because Bitcoin hit it too. It should be the risk on asset. This is pretty much just a flag right now. It's super healthy consolidation, lower low, no followthrough, good volume on that buy back up. I still think it's better like this though if you want to be conservative. Like if you want to be a bit more aggressive then I I don't I don't hate doing something along these lines like using this tool here for the developing tool and then looking for a pass back over the developing value area low play to the deep play to the diva and then hold the runner to see if this will confirm as a flag. That's fine. But a more conservative operator looking for some retracement plays you're looking to be in here. It's very straightforward in my opinion. Um, Ethereum, same dealio, right? Just like this setup over here was based off of this structure and this structure over here. This new zone that we we we covered last week, I think it was last week, or this was on a stream or something, I don't know. Um, either way, this is where it's at, right? You clearly had a bunch of demand established here. If you hold over here, then they should try to get to the highs of this range again. So, I I would not change anything with Ethereum either. It looks totally fine. All this consolidation looks very healthy. And then finally for CCJ, again, really no change, right? Uh we do have earnings right around the corner here on Thursday. So you probably don't want to do anything in here. Actually, that would be fine. This is so much of a retracement that I mean, if you had a negative reaction from earnings into this area, you would have extension into the trade zone, and I would I would be fine with that personally. I think that's a still a good setup even if it's uh earnings that takes you back down into it. Excuse me. So, um, for trade review here, uh, all right. So, trade review. It's not like a crazy week or anything. Kind of spun my wheels towards the end there, but I do have everything set up, so it should go pretty smoothly this time. So, on 7:22 was the first day that I did anything. And the 22nd was over here. And what I was interested in doing was oh I I I didn't I don't have the messages from beforehand, but in the rundown I was I I always like to talk ahead about what kind of trade I would be looking to get done. And on Tuesday, we're over here. I was thinking, you know, we could potentially look to play back down to here, get back down to the value area low, get back down to the daily no change level because we just failed to get to the point of control. So I was interested in being a seller here. Um, so at 958 is when I sold the passback under the DV values over here. So it's actually right here on this candle, but it printed lower after it closed. So at that time when I put the trade on, it was over here. And I thought that was fine risk because you could put your stop over the open. So at this point now the sellers had already taken us below yesterday's range right so now the day plus sellers are in the mix very similar to the ENQ setup that we did two weeks prior you know now that we're outside of the yesterday's uh trading right that should be the go sign for the day plus sellers but if the day plus sellers are going to have any problems it should be at the overnight low so my my thinking was just all right well I'll just look for the onl test and so we do get that onl test but then I just stopped out the wrist on the uh uh on this move higher. So, chopped it up, gave it 1.5 a wig, enough wiggle for 1.5 bar R allowed me to have the stop over the DPO and the open, but then just stopped out the rest and then because we were not under the regular trading hours low again for the rest of the session. I just didn't do anything else for the rest of the session and that was fine. So, just a little chop and stop, small base hit. Okay, so on the 23rd I was thinking um let's see interested in a deep play for potential higher low. Okay, so on the 23rd that's over here that's the next day now. So we're over here on the 23rd and I was looking at this session, this session over here, right? So on the 23rd we had a gap up open incomplete gap fill which is a bullish sign right so here's the 23rd over here so bullish sign did not fill the gap and I was thinking all right if these buyers are going to press the issue here they should try to get back to the point of control so that was my targeting and I'm thinking okay um I called it ahead of time I'm interested in the deep play for the potential higher low in RTY however that play did not set up so um I initially wanted to see a Deepo play after 15-minute retracement, but because the Deepo was so high, it wasn't going to set up well for that 15-minute retracement. So, I also say a few minutes later, I'm thinking either let it print lower or look to for the 2280.5 back test. The 2280.5 back test is the point of control of this of this uh of this session here. 2280.5 is over here. It's the point of control of this guy. Why do I care about this guy? This guy is this session over here, the July 10th session. This is the session that, you know, tested the point of control, this daily point of control, and then rejected. And so, what do these buyers want to get done is they want to flip this guy into demand because this is pretty much the gateway session into all of this local balance, right? All of this chop over here, this is the gateway into all of this chop. So, I'm thinking, all right, if I'm not going to get that deep setup, then what should these buyers try to do? They should try to defend the point of control of the gateway session. And you can see that the market already told us how significant it was before I started looking for that setup. So that's why I think, okay, if I'm not going to get the Deepo setup, then I'm also interested in the 2280.5 set. I I pref I would have preferred the Deepo printed lower, but even if that 2280.5 uh level is a firm, I think that would have been fine. And I just explain the logic of that. And again, that's at 111. So that's like over here. So I'm calling this trade out ahead of time. I think that's the best thing that we can do. It's like think ahead for what you're going to do. And then also, if you write about it, then you make it more tangible. you allow people to kind of comment on it, right? And if they can poke holes in it and you can't defend it, then probably isn't that great of an idea. I do I do think one of our uh Madam Stamos, you asked about why 2280.5 was meaningful, even though I explained it. So sometimes you just have to waste your time explaining to people who have difficulty reading. Um just kidding. Anyway, people have jobs and whatever I get, you can't read every message. Anyways, um so that was this play over here. So I just buy that pass back over 2280.5 and I gave it enough wiggle room looking for the deep is over here uh for a chop and gave it enough wiggle room for 1.5R and so that was fine and then my my next exit was the overnight high and it was pretty much also looking for an exit at the point of control was pretty much the same level. So that's it. chopped it up again at the O8. It was actually I did a meme exit because eights are lucky and like I don't really believe that very much but eights are lucky in the Chinese culture and so I just took it off at 2288.8 which honestly was worked out quite well there because the top tick was 2288.9 on that move. So chopped it up, chopped it up and then stopped off the rest on this move lower which is kind of a bummer because they did rip some more but what are you going to do? Um and then that was it. And then for 724. So now is when I start spinning my wheels a bit. All right. So for 724, uh, let's see. 724 is over here. Um, over here. So 724. We had a pretty strong open if I recall correct. I think it was a gap, right? 724. Uh yeah, it was a gap up open. So it's a Uh yeah, it was a gap up open. So it's a Uh yeah, it was a gap up open. So it's a gap up open. We're like pressing new alltime highs. Market has been pretty strong. So I thought, all right, let me just try an aggressive buy off of the open because if it's going to be a trending day off of the open, then you know those are some of the best days. Like for example, this gap and go um or like this gap and go, very little retracement, incomplete fill and then go. Um is that the one that we captured recently? I forget. We captured one pretty recently. I think it was this day. We captured this day pretty recently. So, you know, days like that, those are great. But we didn't get follow through on it because um well, we just didn't get follow. There's no other reason than that. But I just bought the open and then look to chop it up at this point of control here because it was the point of control of this session. So, similar logic, right? This uh 721 session was the all-time high session on that day or Yeah. Um yeah, on Thursday, this was still the all-time high uh session. So, I just bought the pass back over the open. Um, chopped it up at that point of control test and then stopped out the rest. Whatevers, no biggie. And, uh, after that, I at the same time during the morning rundown, I talked about both of these trades. These were the two trades that I was interested in, but I kind of made an error because I I wasn't really I didn't really have everything planned out well for the rut. I didn't measure it out for the rut. So, for the rut, um, I ended up selling the new one minute low over here, and I was looking to play to the low of all of this balance from yesterday, which was 7 7 2276.6, and I didn't realize that it was actually only one R because I was looking at the 15-minute chart. So, I was looking at the 15-minute chart over here, and I just kind of eyeballed it. So, we were over here, and I was thinking that this was more about at least 1.5 with a stop over here, and that was just not correct. So, that was a bit of a red flag on the play. I didn't love that. So, I called myself out on it. Um, in timeout, however, shakes out because the R was only slightly better than one R. I just jumped on the Y pot failure because this is what happened, right? We pop and drop. We Yeah, we pop and dropped over prior days point of control. So, I was that's the setup that I was looking for. Similar pretty much the same setup that I was looking for for the butterfly. Um, and that was it, right? So, that was just a mistake on my part. So, I should have had that R measured out. Like I said just now, the best trades are when you call that out ahead of time, have everything measured out. You know, that just tends to work out a lot better. Um especially because you know if you should even put that trade on. This was a clear mistake. I shouldn't have put that trade on because the R was just not good for it. So that was just an error on my part. Um I eyeballed them just explaining I could have had better location if I was patient. So like if I had measured it out and I was patient then I could have played off of this guy for example, right? So like I I sold this new one minute low and had I just been patient and measured it out then I would have known, oh okay, if I want 1.5R then I need to be above here, right? So if I had just waited and let it let it shake out a little bit. I could have had way better position here and had appropriate R. But I didn't do that. In fact, I could have waited here at the at the prior day special point of control again set me up for 1.5R like this. I would have been a stop over the overnight high. I would have gotten to that target and it wouldn't have stopped me out. So, you know, just a good lesson here to not jump the gun, right? I didn't have to be so hasty with that. And because I made that mistake, I kind of put myself in timeout right away because I don't want the worst the last thing I want to do is start racking up mistakes in succession with each other and then start like messing with my psychology or whatever. So, whenever I make a mistake like that, I just like to pump the brakes, which is what happened. Um, until I think later in the session, I was eyeing a pass over for the I bailed on this RTY, though. I didn't I didn't take the full stop some like over here somewhere I cut it like over here somewhere it was still a loss but it was a very very small loss and I didn't assume the full loss because it just didn't look good. We just kept bouncing around the open. Just didn't look good. So somewhere I say um let's see I bailed on it at 944. So that's like over here somewhere. Um it just didn't feel like it was going to work right. Just and it you know and I guess technically it did but it wouldn't have worked with my stop anyway. So that was a fine bailout in my opinion. I do think you should be open to that, right? Like I think it's good to be open to, you know, once you realize you made a mistake, um, to not play the hope card and just jump out of it because it was an error anyway. Cuz the last thing you want to do is like do make errors, do bad trades, and then have the market pay you for it and then affirm your bad decisions. That's not good because then that increases the possibility that you'll like be willing to make a bad decision next time. So I was fine with that, bailing on it. Um, later on in the session, I'm eyeing the ES for a deep play for potential 15-minute higher low. Well, that was because on this day um on Thursday, we're still like in, you know, all-time high breakout mode. So, I was thinking, okay, let me look for a potential 15-minute higher low um over here. I was looking for here. Yeah, it was this guy over here, right? So, what I wanted to see was a hold of this back test over here, right? And look for ideally for like a what was it? A deep play. So, let me take a look here and I'll bring these up. 724. It was here, right? So, I was thinking, all right, I'll just buy this pass back over the GPO. It was dirt cheap over here. Um, buy this move back over the GPO. It was a late buy. I didn't get it right off the GPO. Um, and you know, this was a bit of an error, too, because the range was really small, and I was talking about the range being small. Let's see over here. I said not a lot of range from 410 to 420, 410 to 412. So, I wanted to play from 410 here to here, 412. That was my initial thinking, but it just wasn't a lot of range, so it didn't give me a lot of wiggle room to work with. But then I saw how cheap this Deepo setup was, so I ended up just going with that trying to play the Diva. And that just failed that. It didn't even get a chop or whatever. But it was dirt cheap and I didn't it didn't put a lot of size on cuz I wasn't terribly confident in it. And that's another thing, right? You should probably you should adjust your size based on your confidence level. So, I didn't feel great and I had just made that mistake, but it was so cheap that it's hard for me to pass something like that up because I could get a pretty cheap free runner, right? Free roll if uh we do get that div.a chop, but I did not stopped it out. And I was talking about I couldn't just use limits, right? Like even though this range was no good, I realized afterwards that like if I had just set up limits, it would have been fine, right? I would have set could set the limit off with the 410. Um look to exit here, give it 1.5 R. Uh would have been fine. 2R at 1.6 whatever would have been fine. Would have got there. I could have had a little free roller. It would have still stopped out but you know it is what it is. Um so stopped it out and then that's it and I just told myself that's what I get for playing in tiny range because I was I was late to the jump. If I had gotten right over the deep pass then we could have played to here and that would have been fine art. But I didn't so I couldn't. My cat's snoring. I I don't know if you can see. He's in his little uh hammock over there. Oh, the microphone's blocking it. Okay, never mind. He's snoring. Oops. Oh, I've ruined this now. Um Oh, it's so cute. It's tiny little snores. Um All right. So, what are we doing here? Uh All right. So finally for 725, what I do here um for IWM h whatever that was like a nothing burger trade. So I just I put on butterfly on because I stream on Friday mornings for our community. So I don't like to do futures because it just takes a lot of attention away. I'm like talking about all these other things or whatever. So I just put a lowrisk butterfly on. It was for like 80 cents a spread um targeting over here. And at first it was great but you know by the end of the session it looked terrible. So, I just ended up cutting it for flat. And then also from a futures perspective, I did like a kind of little chop and stop I think for the 25. Let's see here for the ENQ. Um, let's see. What was that for the ENQ? That was this what? Um, pass back over the overnight. Oh, right. I just need the daytime from references to come back here. Okay. Okay, so I buy this pass back over the um overnight high here and then I just have my stop under here and I was looking for an exit here which is about 1.5R. It is 1.5R looking for the exit at the point of control of this local area of supply here and I was thinking all right well these buyers have defended the overnight high here and here and here. So I thought okay maybe maybe they'll try to keep affirming it. So I tried to make that play here. I stopped it out stopped it out full stop but it was pretty cheap. seven points and then um I did I made I was going to walk away um I did I made I was going to walk away um I did I made I was going to walk away but then this setup presented itself as well. So at first I see this diva pass and I I I measured the R for it and it and I I I measured the R for it and it and I I I measured the R for it and it was no good. Um so I was measuring it like this this guy first and I was thinking all right I I see this candle come down I'm thinking all right if we pass back over it again to get to the diva there it's only one R. So I passed on that and I was going to walk away but then I saw this little dip down and that was dirt cheap. So, I bought this pass back over it, chopped it up at the overnight high, and then uh stopped out the rest on this next candle, and then we did get some more follow through later, but I didn't get to enjoy any of that. Um, and that was it. That was the uh that was the whole week. So, you know, whatever. Some decent base hits the start of the week was much better. I gave back probably more than half of it by by Friday. Um, but whatever. That's trading, right? So, anyway, that's pretty much it. And, you know, I'll be completely honest, it's not good trading. like the the the there there were much better setups for like aggressive buyers, but I just haven't really been pulling the trigger. And then there I was a lot of the setups have been occurring when I usually eat my meal. So, that's kind of a bummer. Um, but like there was some really nice uh deep setups on Friday, I think. Yeah, this was for like the initial 15-minute higher low here. this guy over here, super cheapo setup and it was for the first or the second 15-minute higher low after the breakout, right? So, that's where that setup occurred. It would have been to affirm this breakout over here. And for the ENQ, I think it was the same uh ENQ, it had some really cheap setups as well, I thought. I mean, that one is the cheap one. These are all really cheap and the first one you could have held the whole time. So, you know, bummer, but whatever. There's some streaming and stuff. So, anyway, that is pretty much it. Uh, if you've made it this far and you wouldn't mind hitting us a like and subscribe. We'd appreciate that very much. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. Um, if you're interested in getting Trade Zone, send your email. I'm cooking with something right now that seems to be super promising that I I'm planning on like combining all of my long-term efforts for like I I'm very interested in making plays for AI buildout and I think I've just developed a system that is really easy to execute a a trend following system. So, uh I will be deploying that in this report. So, if you're interested in um you know, getting trade zones sent to you and potentially learning how to trade this system that I've been back testing furiously now, the results are really good. I'm I'm I'm I'm going to start trading them live. Um check out the swing report. Links in description below or and if you are want to figure out the ropes, learn how to trade, hang out with a bunch of knuckleheads in a trading community, links in description below. Check it out. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see youall next time.