============================================================
Video: RpmylOWI73g
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Climb Wall of Worry!
Date: 2025-04-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 12590
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:33.515755
============================================================

The market continues to climb a wall of worry with sellers failing to hold price back under the breakout points of local daily demand, keeping these buyers constructive and making space for a daily higher low. So, are sellers done or are they just setting up for a rugpull? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trade for 8 years now, part of chartist team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room in our spring report. In this video, we will cover those questions and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with Spa here. Um, okay. So, I wanted to start off talking a little bit about, you know, what it means to climb a wall of worry. I know we talked about it already in some prior videos, but essentially it's this idea that particularly after there's a lot of selling, um, what ends up happening is that people kind of get like, I don't know, like PTSD, I guess, they get affected by the, uh, damage from the selling. And so they, you know, tend to be very worried for potentially longer than they have to be. Kind of like the COVID low or like coming off of the COVID low, many people were looking for those lower highs, worried that there would be, you know, further shutdowns or um, you know, even more economic downturn, which didn't really shake out, right? And that was kind of what happened as well during the like 2016 2017 era when uh a lot of like Chinese uh trade wars headlines were continually dropping but you know the market would react on the daytime frame and then nothing would really come of it and we would just keep grinding higher of course until co hit. Um, so you know there are a lot of these kinds of like not axioms but like um not really idioms but expressions very common things that are that traders talk about right um and a lot of times it can be hard to translate that into something actionable. So when we're talking about specifically a climbing a wall of worry, you know, to look at it technically, what you want to see is you want to see bad headlines, right? Headlines that should have the market react negatively. And it often time does, but it doesn't create any meaningful change back down to the to the downside. And so if that continues to be the case where you have negative headlines but the selling doesn't create doesn't negate any kind of buying change then that's kind of the uh contin continuing to climb the um wall of worry that we're looking out for. So last week was affirming this thesis, right? We we were talking about the potential of the market to start climbing the wall of worry after this breakout point. And last week it was looking kind of muddy because we closed um pretty much at the breakout point, right? The the Thursday, it was a short holiday week, so the Thursday close was pretty much right at that breakout point. So it was kind of hard to say especially because the buyers failed to come back up to the low of the key daily supply zone that they need to overcome in order to really be constructive and so and negate this breakdown. So it was it was unclear but this week now really affirms this idea that the market is trying to climb this wall of worry particularly because there were some bad news um specifically on Friday and Dan pointed this out as well in our chat room. If you're interested in the chat room, link is in the description below. It's, you know, thousand or so traders, many of us full-time, constantly sharing news, helping each other improve, um, and whatnot. Again, links in the description below. So, um, yeah, even Dano was talking about it in the chat room that he says something along the lines of, it's been a long time since, uh, uh, bad news has led to V-shaped recoveries, which is what we saw on Friday. On Friday, there was, um, you know what, I don't even honestly remember what the what the news was, but it was here. So, for the for the majority of the morning, the open was uh here. Here we chopped around and then we started to grind higher and this drop was very notable. It was elevated volume. Here's the here's where the news came out. So, there's a big old volume spike. It wasn't more than the open candle, I don't think. Actually, it was. Wow. It actually was more than the five minute open candle. Let's see. It's pretty much the same. So, it's always notable when you have that kind of a volume spike in the middle of a session, especially when it's like around the early afternoon when people are still kind of coming back from lunch and whatnot. Talking about, you know, people in trading the New York session u out of New York. So, very very abnormal, right? And so, that's the news reaction, but look at what the news reaction does, right? The news reaction takes us back down under to under the the high of the opening range. So, here is the opening range here. And so the news reaction takes us back under it, but you just don't really find any acceptance. We don't really need this. You don't really find much acceptance at all. And then we pop right back over it. This is again indicative of uh the market climbing a wall of worry where we have this knee-jerk reaction, but it doesn't lead to any acceptance back under a breakout point. And that's essentially what happened as well on the daily time frame, right? Where we came back down under this breakout point 52587. spent an entire session. The entire Monday session was spent under there. And then that was really it on by the time Tuesday rolled around. This was a very notable failure for these sellers to not come down to the point of control um of this key structure that we're watching this guy which was this is sitting on top of weekly demand. And so if if we're going to affirm this weekly demand, of course, that keeps these buyers positioned well for a go at this July 2024 high, right? Because what's the next structure above this weekly demand? It's this guy. So now these buyers are trying buyers and sellers are trying to resolve what we're what we're going to do in here, right? And so what are we going to use as a reference then? It's just going to be this daily overhead supply, right? This daily overhead supply which is exactly where the low of which is exactly where the uh buyers had problems getting back over on the initial breakdown. It's the high of the Trump pump move. And then um we the high of the day on Thursday was pretty much right there. And then there on uh Friday I talked about on the during our Friday live stream that um for the you know uh Slack community that it would not be surprising to spend some time here right because this is a major level and so there should be an area where uh buyers and sellers look to battle it out and they definitely did that. Again in the morning there was a ton of balance. This is this is the morning session over here. A ton of balance fighting for that level 54687. You can see how price is pretty much oscillating around it. Um and then this higher low is is pretty much a perfect back test of um the low of the key daily supply. So, you know, if you're a daytime frame operator, this is these are the kind of setups that um I think are the juiciest because they're daytime frame setups that are based off of what uh off of key daily levels. So, you're looking at levels that are above the daytime frame that people who are playing beyond the daytime frame should care about as well. So if you align your daytime frame trades with those higher level operators then you know you have more it's like surfing right it's like a big old wave you know it's it's more the the more um energy that is stored in that wave the larger the wave the better the surfing so um yeah and and uh if you're interested in daytime frame stuff I have I had a very meaty week so uh on I have I had a very meaty week so uh on I have I had a very meaty week so uh on in the end of the video where we do the trade review it's going to be very beefy so if you're interested in day time frame stuff stick around. um had a solid solid week. So this was a very notable failure for these sellers to not come down and touch the point of control again of this guy over here which inspired these buyers to rally and they've rallied all the way to the other side of this local daily range and now they are testing this key supply. Um, you know, I'm starting to be less concerned with hedges and whatnot, like and and I'm starting to feel less concerned with sells in general. Um, like bigger picture for swings or whatnot, just because it's starting to feel like this wall of worry is, you know, is is is the market's just really trying to climb this wall of worry. At least that's what it feels like to me right now. Particularly if we continue to hold over, ideally, if we hold over 54687, that would definitely affirm that. um holding over. If we do break back down to 54687, which really wouldn't be surprising because this move is straight off of the lows, the next best case scenario would be to hold over 54428. Uh we just really don't want to see acceptance, right? There's space for a daily higher low over 50 50846 now. So, we want to set that daily higher low ideally somewhere before 52587 to recome to to revisit this level would be, you know, that would greatly increase the potential that we're continuing to just see further balance over this demand zone and under uh under this supply. But if the if the these higher prices continue to attract more buyers next week and we could find acceptance over 560.76 the point of control of this local daily supply that's going to continue to affirm this kind of climbing the the wall of worry thesis and I'll worry even less um about any hedges or sells. I know that yes technically there is space for a weekly lower high. I understand that. But at the same time this is a very notable failure for these sellers to not touch down on the 2022 high. Very similar here, very similar to here. And this monthly candle is starting to look pretty strong now, right? Where you had a lot of selling essentially get wiped away there. There is still three days left in this in the month. So, you know, we don't know how this candle would shape up. Obviously, if we roll back down to the breakout point of 52587, this candle will look very different. But, you know, even this candle um with a large body and a long tail did eventually lead to um you know, strength. So, that's that's how I'm looking at it right now. And again, I I would not be surprised if we're spending bigger picture balance. Like if we do something like this, I I really wouldn't be surprised by that at all. Or even if we do something like this, wouldn't be surprised, you know, like this was a good amount of range expansion. And after a good amount of rage expansion, just like over here, right over here, lots of range expansion, trade sideways, right over here, lots of range expansion, trade sideways, etc. So, um I wouldn't be surprised by that, but as of right now, honestly, these buyers are looking pretty good. Okay, so we shall see what what next week brings. Uh I think we had something set up for a sell. Again, I would be very Oh, no. That sell was had already shaken out. We were looking for a buy over here. Okay. So, if you are a seller and you're looking to hedge, this is where the seller should be interested. But I'm not particularly interested in just coming into it, just scaling into it. For me personally, the daytime frame stuff has been going really well. Admittedly, the swing trading has not been going so well, but the daytime frame stuff has, you know, been keeping me fine. And so, I would, if I were you, I would focus on the daytime frame stuff because we have very clear levels to play off of, right? So, next week, inability to hold over 560.76 or 565.16. These are reasonable sellers if you're comfortable doing uh daytime frame stuff. If you are not, I would honestly wait for some sellers to show up here before you start looking for the potential weekly lower high. Right? I know there are still folks, technically focused folks who are looking for a potential weekly lower high under 57641. I would not be aggressive with this. You know, for me, I would I would wait to see, okay, let let them press up. Ideally, they fail holding over these two key levels. Make space on the daily time frame for a lower high. Play for that lower high so that you have a nice level to play up of here. Stop is over here. And then you're playing back to the daily. No change level, playing back to the 2022 high. That's how I would handle a sell. So, I'm not going to set up a sell zone, but it would be off of these two levels. Again, I would wait for for a little bit of weakness here and try to join the momentum rather than trying to um pick a top, particularly in this kind of a market where there's a lot of headline risk. That was a lot for SPY. Let's try to run through these other tickers because uh like I said, I had a pretty solid week and a lot it's a lot of learnings as well. like the you know whatever the the the the gains are secondary to uh what I would consider you know far more I I would think it's I I think it's much more valuable the um concepts that are being affirmed uh through the you know good trading over the last week. So for the Q's, it's very similar situation where now we're testing this daily overhead supply. Again, very similar here where the sellers broke that back down under this the daily breakout point and just couldn't hold price down there. Uh the equivalent structure, right, this guy is the same is roughly the same as uh this structure and spy, right? So it's sitting on top of weekly demand. This daily uh balance is sitting on top of this big old weekly demand. And so uh the inability for these sellers to hold under it and then also a drop in pop at its point of control was a very notable hold for these um buyers and now we are the QQQ buyers have made the most uh ground beyond the low of the overhead supply. So this is the key supply right now in the way and 47868 is going to be super super key next week. Need acceptance over 47868 in order to affirm this supply as demand. Doing so means that these these buyers are now firmly negating this breakdown that occurred back in April 3rd. Lots of space for a daily higher low. Anything over 427.93 is going to be good for one. And next week, the key daily levels are going to be 45733 and then 47868. So again, if you're interested in being an aggressive seller, I would wait for these sellers to step in a bit, create some space for a lower high and then look play for that lower high rather than trying to be aggressive here because um again, when the when it's climbing that wall of worry, you know, you you it ends up sucker sucking in a bunch of aggressive sellers that, you know, are just kind of banging their head against it. Like don't get me wrong, um I do I do occasionally try to play for uh tops and bottoms, but context is really important and so I I don't really care for that context um as of right now. Uh I mean, I don't really care to be aggressive in this current context for a sell. So I'm not going to set that zone up. And I actually would prefer a buy like at this point. Same thing for the SPY and the ES. I would prefer buys. like if we were to I don't like it as much as the in the to I don't like it as much as the in the to I don't like it as much as the in the ES but for the Q's something like this I think would be pretty reasonable looking for that potential higher low like even all the way down here I think um and I I all the way down here I think um and I I all the way down here I think um and I I just prefer in the Q's because we want to we want the Q's to lead so something like this and it is showing us relative strength uh relative to um the local daily overhead supply again making the most ground beyond the low of the supply so here's the low of the supply for the yes we're barely over it and for the uh NQPQQ we're we're much further further beyond it. So I would say something like this is uh pretty reasonable. I don't need that stop to be so far. Something like this I would say is uh pretty reasonable for uh QQQ buyers and essentially play for a daily higher low looking for some gap fill potential. And uh if they can't if they can't hold back under the beginning of the gap, if they can't hold under the daily no change level, these buyers should make another earnest attempt at trying to crack this point of control of this local overhead supply. So, I think this is pretty reasonable. Um, yeah, I I personally still have been sticking primarily to to daytime frame stuff. Uh, I think Daniel is pretty much on the same page as well. His day trading is going um better than the swings are. So, for the IWM, the small caps to rut, um, you're still showing a lot of relative weakness here, right? With the high of this bounce pretty much right off of the low of this supply over here. And so again, a lot of relative weakness, but at the same time, also space for a daily higher low over 180.77. And remember this 2020 structure is super key. That's this guy over here, this fella over here. And that's what made these lows over here, and this low over here, and these highs over here, and these lows over here. So if we find acceptance over this structure, then we should expect price action like this. So as of right now, um, these buyers are looking pretty good, right? You have this local daily demand. 189.05 05 is going to be super key. Key upside reference beyond the low of the supply 195.49 is going to be 20.29 20.29. And the key downside reference is going to be continue to be 19043 and 18905 heading into next week. So again, space for a higher low over 180.77. And if you are going to be playing for that weekly lower high, it makes the most sense to be playing for it in the rut. So over here in the rut, I think we had a sell zone that was set up from way back when that didn't hit. Um, that's still fine. Uh, is it this guy? This guy seems kind of aggressive. This is fine. I I still think this is um reasonable. Like I said, I I would be a little bit more cautious, right? Because it does seem like um higher prices are starting to attract uh buyers. And also uh again, this whole wall of worry thesis is looking like it's being affirmed. And so I would again I if you're going to be aggressive it would be the rut but I wouldn't fall to you if you want to wait for like a potential uh for these sellers to step in a little bit first and play for that lower high. I think this is a very reasonable environment to be a little bit more conservative with your entries and I I I I that's that's that approach has gone well given the um choppy nature of the of the market. So that's pretty much it. Again space for weekly lower high anything under uh 209.2 27 will be good for one and the rut, you know, you have a lot of space for a monthly lower high as well. But this is all just bigger picture balance. So, I really would not be surprised if these buyers were to look to rotate to the highs uh roughly to the highs of this range all the way up to to 22 or so. Apologies if you can hear that cat. I I guess I forgot to put it away. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it for the uh indices the or we still have the Dow, but let's cover the Dow here. Um, so the Dow, the Dow, this strength in the Dow and this failure that we talked about last week is another reason why I'm a little bit hesitant to be an aggressive seller because um because that was a very notable failure. And if you'll recall uh we talked about how it would be very reasonable to be looking to Oh, wait, I'm sorry. I tweeted that out that this was a very notable failure and it was a very reasonable time to be booking some profits if you use the trade zone that we shared um over the weekend. this guy because uh because um again it was a very notable failure. So I tweeted out on Monday or I think it was Monday that listen if you use that trade zone over the weekend this is a very notable failure. You should chop it up and then walk your stop up to over here. So uh ideally if you watch these videos you're also following me on Twitter so you can get these updates throughout the week because I don't see you during the week unless you're in the chat room. Obviously if you're in the chat room that shouldn't have been an issue. Um but yeah, so at this point now there is still space for a daily high under 408.02 and there's also space for a higher low over 37835. But my point about the uh being less interested in aggressive sells is partially in due to this failure to not come down to the highs of this structure over here which was supportive of price throughout all of this and now these buyers are starting to find acceptance over this fellow over here. It's very notable, right? So this breakout the the Dow negated the breakout the in in the most solid in the most um they made the most uh ground back under this daily no change level this daily breakout point but still going to hold price down and so now we are finding acceptance back over this affirming all of this as demand has us should have us looking up at this supply over here we can really eliminate all of this stuff it's not as important now um it's far more what what we should care more about now is this local structure over there. Um, so just mark it up right now. Actually, I need to include this if I follow all my guidelines. All right, so these buyers should be trying to make their way back up to test the uh daily low local supply and the low of which is over here at 407.25. And you can see how this is where the buyers have had problems on the Trump pump and then for you know this double pop over here. So that should be their next objective. at the key level, key upside reference is 407.25 next week. And the key downside reference is going to be 396.65. That's just the daily no change level here. So it's essentially just a back test of this, right? So again, bigger picture, this is fine, right? Just consolidation over all of this demand would be fine. So if we just traded sideways here, bigger picture, that's constructive just like over here. same deal, right? The 2022 selling bigger picture was still fine, right? Because we were just trading sideways over the last period where there was multiple years of balance. So, this is a couple years of balance. Um, and then now if we continue to see a couple years of balance over this couple years of balance, no problem. Bigger picture. Okay. Um, all right. So, moving on to the dollar here. The dollar is really in do or die area uh territory here. So the fact that we bounced up and failed to get to the point of control of this guy over here, this fella, this structure over here, which has been supportive of price over here and over here and over here, very notable. And so next week, what these buyers want to get done, like dollar buyers, is to hold over this low 90 98.8. And that's just because it's just a basic like break with no follow through, right? If you're not going to see a break with follow-through and then you move back over that level, that level that broke that didn't see follow through through it becomes super key. This is a concept that you'll see shake out time and time again. So, for example, like over like even over here, right? You break under this level, no follow through, move back over it, higher low play, it's there for you. Higher low play is there for you. And then, of course, once we flip uh once we we break under it, flips into resistance. It's a very uh common play if you think about it. It's the same situation as like an inverse head and shoulders, right? You break this low, this low over here, no follow through, come back over it, look play a right shoulder, you look for this level to hold, you know? So anyway, that's um that's the idea, right? This is potentially a janky inverse head and shoulders over here. Space for a daily higher low over 97.680. I wouldn't do anything with this right now. Um if you're a buyer in the dollar, I would just wait to see if these buyers can press higher over 99.800. make space for a daily higher low and then make it so that when you come back down and test this point of control that you would have some extension and then I would be more interested in buying like a pass back over like if you move under this point of control no acceptance uh under it and failure to touch the value area low pass back over buy that chop it up chop it up and then uh with the runner just walk a stop up for the rest so that's pretty much it the dollar right now is in a no touch for me and if right now is in a no touch for me and if right now is in a no touch for me and if you are still in a runner from this original trade zone from way back when uh you should be out of this completely now. And if you are looking to reinitiate that as a dollar buyer, again, you just want to wait for that um move higher first. Moving on to MBDA. So MBDA, you know, this this trade is going swimmingly, right? And uh I got a lot of positive feedback. People, you know, very happy about um this setup because MVDA is just a very um you know, uh very uh uh hot asset right now. Like I said, I'm pretty much I'm pretty much a permable MVDA longer term. Like even if this thing drills like 80 90% or whatever, I'm like I would probably still be a buyer at that point. Um just because there's just positions so well like they're they're they're dominating right now in regarding hardware. It's kind of a you know pick and shovel play. And even if we were to trade sideways for some time, you know, I think that would be healthy, right, to take off some of this froth. So, at this point now, uh, if you're in from here or if you're in from, you know, this, you know, I had somebody email me say, "Hey, I bought right at the, uh, high of the trade zone and that worked out great." That's awesome. Um, kudos to y'all. I'm I'm really, you know, I love that. So, thank you guys for for sharing that feedback. I don't really know anybody else on YouTube who, you know, will give you straight up everything that you need for like a trade zone. very often they'll give you levels or whatever, but um you know, so I do appreciate that uh those kind sentiments. Anyway, um so there's a lot of space for a daily high or low right now. Anything over 95.04 is going to be good for one. These buyers should be trying to make their way back up to 114.54. It's just the low of this supply over here, which has clearly been problematic for these buyers over here and over here on this session. But as long as you're holding over 103.65, this should be the next objective 114.54. Again, bigger picture, this is totally healthy. And on the weekly time frame, you know, it's got this bubbling look over here. Weekly higher low potentially being set if we can break over 111.92 next week. And again, I'm just think looking at this as big old bounce. You know, there we do have to be mindful that there is still this um daily supply like all of this supply sitting at the highs is clearly problematic for these um buyers. But as of right now, you know, this this this idea is doing fine. And I think the chart itself, again, bigger picture, it's just really just like a quarterly bull flag that we're looking at here. The monthly lower low, not seeing follow-through is a pretty good look. Again, if they were to just trade sideways here, that would be fine. Earning season is in full swing. So, what what the fang man T other Fangman T stocks do may affect MVDA, but again, fundamentally, I don't I don't see anything disrupting MVDA. Like, it's got to be some other technology. No, semi like it's definitely not going to be AMD, right? So, um I mean I guess you never know, right? But you know AMD kind of dropped the ball with their AI. So, um with their AI plays, I mean this is just a trade zone setup for a community member. Anyway, um that's pretty much it for MBDA. If you're uh managing a position now, ideally you've taken some profits because it's already achieved our target and you can have your stop um under this low 95.04 and no later than this low um 86.62. Okay. Uh, all right. So, that's pretty much it. Moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin, if you were running the this cell from way back when, at this point, you should be out of it, right? Because we suggested after it came into our trade zone and we took some profits here, throw a stop over this guy and then just stop out of it if uh on the runner if we do happen to come back here, which is what happened. If you are in from the buy over here, again, you're sitting pretty. you I would recommend you know taking profits especially if you haven't done so at the target definitely take your profits and I think a stop under here would be fine like under this this this structure over here so like roughly uh 80 82 826 let's call it for your runner I think that would be very reasonable because this is a local daily demand zone and I would not walk that stop again unless you get some more demand and then a breakout okay fine then we'll walk it up I don't like walking it up just on the lows because the lows can get taken out. But if you don't take out structure, then it's really no big deal. Like for example, if you were a seller over here at the highs and you're just walking your stops down on every single lower high. So you walk it down, walk it down, walk it down, walk it down, you get wicked out here before this big leg down. Whereas if you waiting for these structures to print and then break down, your stop is here. You don't touch this. You see all of this. And it's only when you see this breakdown again to to to know that this is now supply. then we walk it down. Um, this has been a big uh change for me and it's it's it's it's been a very good change. Uh, because honestly getting wicked out of a trade and then having it continue to work is like one of the most frustrating experiences I would say. Anyway, lots of space for a daily high or low. I don't really care about this rinky dink one. I I would say anything over 83088.02. Technically, there's another rinky dink one here, but again, I really care about these structures. So, for me, the the key higher low is 83088.02. And this is of course on Coinbase. So again, you should be stopped out of this cell now. And um if you're a buyer, you should you should still have a runner and the runner stop can be out of there. Uh moving on to Ethereum. I'm I'm okay with this sell. I still think that Ethereum is showing you so much relative weakness. The Ethereum BTC chart is still just making new lows here. Um so I still think this is a pretty reasonable sell. This is so much overhead supply that I would be surprised if the sellers don't at least make an attempt at trying to defend all this supply. So I think that's pretty reasonable. I think the weekly time frame we are looking this is like a little rinky dink weekly lower high to 21104.21, you know, again that's that's what this play is for. Either a lower high or like a pop and drop over that level. Again, I I would be pretty surprised if the sellers don't look to defend all of this supply. So um I continue to maintain that's reasonable. That being said, the daily chart is bullish. Space for a higher low. Technically, it's over this guy. Anything over 1723.01 would be good for one. Um, but again, I really care about this area of demand. So, that's it. I don't suggest a buy in Ethereum, right? Like, if if you're if you're looking to be a buyer in Ethereum, I would say wait for a lot of follow through over 2045.61. That's the point of control of this structure over here, which was supported all this balance. Wait for some follow through, pretty much a repeat of this, and then we can look for uh bottom fishing plays off of this structure. But until that occurs, I personally would not be interested in a buy in Ethereum. Moving on to URA. So, if you recall last week, we were talking about how the sellers were doing what they had to get done, playing defense off of this key level. This is the point of control of this structure over here, which has been problematic for buyers here and here and here. And then it was supportive for buyers um over here and over here and over here. So, the sellers were doing what they had to get done. But you'll notice where they failed. They failed at the value area low. So Monday's session, which was the high of the day, right at the point of control, essentially continuing to affirm this structure as supply, this guy as supply, was a good start for the sellers, but to drop and pop at the value area low was not a good look. And of course, this big old gap up um to the value area high and then not even seeing a back test of this, right, of the breakout point was very notable. So at this point now, I would actually flip this, right? If if this becomes a stopout, so be it. um because it didn't really give you opportunity for a chop here. But if we do see selling next week and you are using this trade zone, I would definitely look to uh start taking off some partials to lower your cost basis and then throw a stop over whenever a local high gets set. If it's a stopout, it's a stopout, right? It's no no biggie. And at this point now, I would be okay with actually looking for a buy again. Ideally, it makes press a little bit higher, but at this point now, you can be looking for a buy like this for URA next week. and looking to play up to here. All right, which is what made all these lows over here essentially a repeat of these plays over here. Okay, lot of space for a daily higher low now. Anything over 22.12 will be good. Um, all right. So, like I said, I have a lot of um very pretty meaty uh week for for daytime frame stuff. And I was kind of struggling to like decide, all right, well, which ones which session should I talk about? Which key ideas should I talk about? And um I'm just going to throw them all in and just let you right know right now. It's going to be lengthy. So, if you're not interested in that, get on out of here. No worries. And I hope to see you next time. Um but if you are interested in in uh you know your daytime frame operations or whatnot then stick around. So for uh Tuesday was an RTY buy and the the key for me was really you know that the daytime frame stuff is really great for staying in uh control of the trade. But at the same time, the downside of um daytime frame stuff is that, you know, if you're playing on the daytime frame and looking for a larger move, you have to be at the desk like and and just, you know, uh stay frosty for that's what I like to call it, stay frosty for the next um play because there often time when you're doing daytime frame stuff, your location is not ideal for the bigger picture. So your daytime frame trade might work, but the bigger picture thesis might not be invalidated even if your daytime frame trade is stopped out. So uh let me just talk about that a little bit here. So, for rut, um I had my kind of stock on by accident. But at 9:31, I buy the open. I buy the new uh high and the stop under the low of the day. And that's just over here. That's on Tuesday. I was out on Monday. Um nope, that's that's too far back. See here, Tuesday. So, I just bought this new high and uh and I was looking for a chop at the value area low. 417 value area low and that's over here. So Tuesday is here and I was just looking for an exit over here because remember that every single session is just trying to either affirm or negate prior sessions. So if we're going to affirm this session as demand with this big old gap up over here, then the next places where these buyers should have problems, potential problems, is the key levels of the next session, which is the value area low and the point of control and uh and then eventually the value area high. And you do have problems at the uh value area low. You pop and drop there, don't see acceptance over it, and then eventually you you stall a bit at the point of control as well before these buyers continue to uh press the event. So, let me just walk you through it a little bit more. So, I chopped it up at the 417 Val and then I was looking for more out at the uh end of the day structure from 417 and I was just looking to position play for a runner here. And then because it's a very aggressive buy. And the reason why it's an aggressive buy is because if you look on the um daily time frame, Tuesday is this session over here. And uh we're already like kind of off of the lows for a bit. And so I didn't really I didn't really love that location. I'm very far from the higher low. And I also recognized that because it was a um a higher open. It was a it was a um a higher open. It was a it was a um a higher open. It was a it was almost a gap up. It was a higher open that we could get invalidated here, right? And if if price moves all the way down to here, these buyers would still be constructive. So because the open was so high, I I I knew that the location might not be secure, you know, because again, even if we continue to sell off sell off, if we're holding over this value area high over here, then these buyers would have been okay. So I didn't love this uh kind of aggressive location. Um, so I was just looking to get my uh get my risk off, get paid a little bit ideally for the attempt and get, you know, make sure that if I were to stop out, walk away with something. And so that's what I did. Uh, the low the end of the day structure was just this guy over here. So I just took another exit here. So an exit here, an exit here, right by the uh new high, exit here, exit here, and then I believe I stopped out the um the rest while I was eating my uh breakfast oatmeal or whatever. And so out rest looking to walk up the stop for the rest and then I stopped the uh stopped it the runner while I was away and at 11:02 I acknowledged that there were a couple of really super cheap one minute SS plays but I just wasn't here for them and that was over here. So that was like uh here um like over here right for example that was really juicy. Even this one was really juicy, right? Like this one minute stair step here. It's so cheap. 1.5 points or so of risk just to play that stairst step break and then look to play it up to the deep. It's like, you know, a two-hour trade. And that wouldn't have stuck, but that's fine because again, you you want to keep playing with these buyers as long as they're holding over this session. And you'll notice that they the uh buyers, the sellers, I should say, never even took out the opening range of Monday, right? So here's the Monday's opening range, right? And so again, if these buyers are going to affirm this session as demand, then the best case scenario would be for them to just hold over this opening range, which is exactly what they did. So because these lower lows were not seeing that much follow-through, I believe that, you know, I I'm of the opinion that these 1 minute stairst step plays were really juicy. This one in particular, incredibly juicy, right? Because this is no risk at all just to buy this one minute SS break knowing that we're still affirming that yesterday's session as demand. We have a lot of space to work with. Just playing to get to the developing value area low is 1.7R. To play to the DEPO is almost 4R. To get to the DVA is 6.7R. And so that's my that's the key point of of of uh Tuesday, right? Is that um you know, if you're going to do daytime frame stuff, looking for the daily moves, right? Because again, this session was affirming this session uh on the on the daily time frame from session to session I should say. As long as you're holding over this guy, you have to just be at the desk, right? You had to be at the desk this whole time. And I don't I don't eat breakfast. I usually break break the fast. I mean, it depends. Technically, it's a it's breaking the fast, but uh I I eat a very late breakfast like 10:30ish or or whatnot. So, usually getting pretty hungry by around 10. And so, I just I missed this. And because I missed this period of trade, I do I don't get to have this, right? I only got a little taste over here, which obviously when you trade futures, that's more than enough. Um but anyway, that's that's Tuesday's primary uh idea. And so moving on here. Oh, right. And then so I also want to talk about uh the climbing the wall of the worry, right? So it demands a lack of acceptance in within uh local daily demand. So I'm just reminding people, hey, listen, we're we're still um bullish and and we are affirming this idea of the market climbing a wall of brewery as long as the selling doesn't negate any uh major breakout. Uh actually, yeah. All right. So for Wednesday's trade um let's see for Wednesday trade uh in the beginning it was not great and so I I ended up making some mistakes. It was I I was doing the right again and on this session I was looking for uh the new low in RTI. I sold the new low in RTY looking for a back test of the opening range. And at this point now the daily chart um was a big old gap. And so after we had rejected from this level, I was thinking, okay, sellers are going to try to control um this session and we can probably play to try to get back to these key breakout points, right? this guy and this guy the point of control of that key 2020 structure and then of course uh to the daily no change level. That was my idea at least but I was a little late. So I I made this post at 9:55 and I was kind of chasing it a little bit at 9:55 was over um uh here. So I I just sold this new low. So I see this the best location sell would have been remember that this just happened. This just happened. This made the high of the day. And so the best location then would have been here, right? I could have just sold that pass back under. Even the diva would have been reasonable, but selling this one minute stairst step after the that clean rejection, that clean uh you know pop and drop at that daily level, it could have been right here. And so the next best location would have been here, the pop and drop over the deep. And I hesitated there. And so I ended up being kind of late chasing it here. So that was kind of a red flag for me, right? like that's not something that I like to do. If I don't get the best location, typically I'll just, you know, let it go or whatever. Um, and and that was the first red flag. And whenever I throw out a red flag like that, I I like to bring attention to it because I don't want to keep stacking up these red flags because I'm not being sharp, right? And so I don't want to keep operating if I'm not being sharp. Futures are very, very leveraged product. And so if you're not being sharp and and when you're trading a super leveraged product, you know, bad things can happen very, very quickly. So, excuse me. So, you know, I pointed out um I kind of chased it. I pointed out right away. I kind of chased it and I I just said, "Hey, listen. That's a red flag." And and then I forgot about data at 10. And that was was caused this high volume over here and this weakiness and I I had a little wiggle room and so I was still in the trade, but I got sused out by it and I said, "You know what? Uh there was two red flags cuz I forgot about data and I just had my finger on the trigger to bail on it." um because there was a notable miss of back testing the opening range. This guy over here, right? So, here's the opening range, right? And they failed to touch down on it and that kind of sketched me out. I s myself out and I exited it um break even. It was actually a little lost. It was like just roughly break even and I put myself in timeout and I acknowledged I s myself out of a nice one. Um, but it's probably better or in the long run getting out flat when you're stacking up errors, you know, like like Dano will only do two. He'll only make two attempts at a trade if if if they don't work. So, if he has two attempts that don't work, he's done for the day. He puts himself in timeout. Now, that's not what happened to me specifically, but I two making two mistakes like that, especially the chasing one in particular, I don't normally do that, but it's not a thing that that I do regularly at all anymore. It was a problem before. um for sure. And so that kind of had me concerned that I just wasn't firing on all cylinders. Um so I just acknowledge that and uh that's pretty much it. So I should have been prepared to sell. Yeah, that's it. There's a rejection from Okay, so this this this does become important. This point over here, I just thought it was worth mentioning. Um so this says that the rejection from the high of the 415 session should have sellers trying to negate the 416 session next. So the 415 session is this um let's see. So we're we're we're on the 23rd right now and the rejection Oh, I think I was I was talking about ENQ at this point. So we're on the 23rd and we rejected from the highs of the 415 session over here. So here's the high of the 415 session. All right. And again, we're this is Wednesday. So we rejected from here. So what should they be trying to do next? Then again, every single session is trying to either affirm or negate prior sessions. So if we're going to reject from the high of this guy and then drill lower, what should they try to do next? They should try to negate this guy next. And so I was just pointing that out as like a key reference. And the low of the day for that session was pretty much right at that value area low. So um this is just an idea that I think is very important to constantly be cognizant of, right? What is the market trying to do? It's always trying to either affirm or negate. That's what that's just how it needs to work, right? Because the market's always trying to find the fairest value to do business, right? It wants to it wants to find an area where everybody agrees that this is fair business and then fair price to do business and then there's the most transactions there because that's what the market's designed to do. The market is designed to distribute good as effectively as possible. If you think about why we have markets is so that we don't have to barter, right? Like when you had to barter for goods, that was really hard. I had to be like, "Hey, oh, hey, you know, you have a goat. I need a goat, but I only have a cat, right? Do you do you need a cat? You know, are you having a mice problems or whatever? What you you don't need a cat? Okay, what about cat and a blanket? You know, is that enough for your goat? And then that's how people would have to do business. It's it's crazy, right? And so, uh once we had currency, right, you can go to the market and then just trade currency for different goods. Um that that allowed for there to be more transactions. That's the whole point of the market. Um and the financial market is no different, right? It's always just trying to find the points of uh price where we can do the most business, where everybody can do the most business. Um so uh oh right, that's that that that context is why I ended up doing this uh this trade later in the session because this notable miss here. So because these buyers missed this um touching the value area high that gave me confidence to make an attempt at the ENQ pass back over the DV val that was at 153. So for let's see ENQ here at 153. Um, it was over here. Here's this guy. I remember this guy. It was this guy. Right. So, at 153, I said, "Hey, listen. I bought this pass back over the DB valve because at this point, we were looking for a uh fiveminute higher low, I believe. Let me just go to a different chart so we don't mess it up. Yeah, we're looking for a play over here, right? Just looking for this uh higher low play over here." And so, I said, "Okay, I'm going to I bought this pass back over the um DVA. My stop is under the local low. I was looking for an exit over here, the low of this local supply because if these buyers are going to have problems, um then the first place where they should have problems is right here, right? So I say, okay, well, I just buy this DVA, stops under here. I'm looking for a chop at uh 9:21. So that's 9:21 and stops on the local low. I chopped it and then I look for more out at the open because again, the next place where these buyers should have problems if they're going to have problems is the open. And here's the open. So, pick up another I don't know another like 30 points or so on one contract. Picked up I don't know like 40 points on two here. So, that's already like a 100 points. Um it's again a pretty solid day already and then stopped out the uh the rest of this little lower low here. And I have no problem with that. Oh, I was walking up the stop. But either way, um I have no problem with that because if you recall from the prior videos, what I've been focusing primarily on is shorter duration stuff, shorter duration daytime frame stuff. And I really haven't been looking for home runs. And that adjustment has gone really, really well because uh again, really solid week, like decent five figure week for just base hits, just a few base hits. It was like four base hits um throughout the week. Uh again, it's a very leveraged um product. So that was Wednesday. And then for uh Thursday, so I pretty much went four for four last week. I didn't trade Monday. Um for Thursday, uh the key idea was uh well something I talk about all the time was when something that shouldn't happen when when something that should happen, I should say, doesn't. That's always very very notable. So on uh Thursday uh and and and I admittedly got the worst buy on Thursday. I got the worst one. So Thursday, this is the ES Spy. This is the NQQ and here is the uh rut. And so you can see the rut had the least amount of followthrough, but it was still a banger trade. And the reason why I selected it was because that's where the day the daily references are. Remember the prior videos I've been talking about like my my my greatest edge is when I'm trading off of daily levels. So I'm really just been focusing on trading off of primarily at least been trading uh off of daily levels. So I was thinking, okay, if you you don't touch the regular trading hours low, right? RTY notable failure to touch down on the regular trading hours low and then you know a second later I bought that pass back over that point of control because on this day um that was this day over here right so this day over here Thursday we move lower and you the sellers failed to get to the low by just a tick a very notable failure and so I was confident then after seeing that failure and also seeing ES and ENQ being strong I figured RTY probably a bit of a lagger I just bought that pass back over um the point of control and I was looking to play to the uh value area high and so uh wait a second that should oh I'm sorry that to the daily value area high so I was looking to play from this point of control to this value area high right and the risk on that was very good you know so I was happy to do that and uh let's see looking chop at the highs of yesterday midday balance and add back if break above I want oh right I forgot about data and so uh we didn't get to my first chop target and so I was just you know I was um looking to uh looking to exit before. So I just move the target down to where the TPO was and that was just the um let's see here to where the Deepo was yesterday. So it was over here, right? So I was looking for the exit over here. I did get that shot before data. It came I got it right before data which was nice but data was was pretty much a non-event. It was actually and it led to actually more buying. So that was fine. And um let's see. I just mentioned that I picked RTY because it had clear daily levels. Although I could have just used daytime frame references to trade the ESNQ probably. Um uh okay chopped it holding one blah blah blah. I just walked it up. I just started walking it up and then eventually I stopped out the RTI runner at 312. So pretty much captured almost the entire move of this day. It was the stop out was like over here on this move down. I had my stop over here and I just stopped it out. So, you know, really didn't leave that. You know, I caught the majority of this move here. Um, again, just a matter the key idea here was uh uh something that should happen that didn't. And Dan even talked about this in the uh uh in our chat room afterwards, which is always nice and affirming. Um, but yeah, he he talked about the same thing when something doesn't happen. And what his point was a little bit different, right? It's just that the sellers were positioned so well in the ES and the ENQ. They were positioned so well at the low of yesterday to punch it home and potentially set this daily high and they failed and that was a notable failure. So, always feels good when uh, you know, Dano agrees with me. And um, that was pretty much it. And then for Friday, uh, Friday I don't have all the information available. Oops. I don't have all the information available because uh the the context of it all was set up um a second here was uh was set up during the morning stream. Again, if you're interested, you know, check out our community. We do a live stream every single morning where we just talk through uh the open and sometimes we'll do trades. It really depends. Um if there's a setup, if it's juicy enough, you know, go for it. If the environment is great, you know, I'll go for it. But uh sometimes I'll pass if it's like kind of uh tricky open. It's something that I would be okay with if I didn't have to talk through everything that I was doing and do analysis for other tickers. I would have been okay with that. And I was originally looking for a pair trade. Um but I realized that the context of the pair trade would have been kind of challenging because we opened up right here at the low of this um daily overhead supply. So I was thinking, okay, let me do a pair trade, a buy in the ENQ and a sell in the RTY. Um because the rut was opening up here. uh the rut we opened up under the supply from the high of the day in Thursday's session and so that was relatively weak and I was thinking okay we can set up a sell off of this guy which honestly worked out fine later in the session but um I ended up not doing it and I thought okay well it's going to be hard for me to do a pair trade and do analysis for other tickers it's just not what I normally do right nor what I normally do is on the morning I do my morning rundown for the futures room and I'm super focused and I just have to do this that's it right but when I do the morning stream for the community at large then you know we cover all these tickers and then we cover tickers that other people request as well so it becomes a lot to juggle um I didn't want to do a pair trade and the context I realized was not great right because if we're going to open up right at that area of change and I said this during the morning stream there's probably going to be some congestion here right and there was congestion here the the beginning of the session is this hot mess over here so I was happy to avoid that but I also said because we're going to avoid the morning pair trade which might is likely to be challenging ing because of this potential chop, which did end up being very choppy. I did say, however, that if we break out, I would be interested in a higher low afterwards. And so, um, that's what I ended up doing on Friday. And, uh, I guess the print's kind of small, but I said I was interested in a potential, uh, 15-minute higher low. And the reason why I mentioned the morning stream is because it's really important to think through the whole trade, right? And like, uh, you shouldn't be making any decisions when the trade is actually on. Your edge should be the same every single time, more or less. All of your edges should say rhyme. All of your trade edges should should rhyme. Like you should know exactly what you're going to do in this kind of context all the time. And so what helps you to prepare for that, right? To execute well is to know what you're going to do beforehand. Think as far out ahead as you can to prime your brain to get ready for that thing. It's like it's kind of like visualizing, right? Like visualizing what's going to happen, right? It's it's like if you're getting an argument with your with you know you're going to get into argument with your partner or something. you like game plan it in your head, right? If she says this, I'll say this. And and and that you know, this is not the best analogy, but like you you maybe you you be more articulate when you're communicating. Let's let's frame this in a more positive way. You guys are going to have a constructive conflict here and you know what your key points are. You also know what your mistakes were. So, you're willing, you're ready to throw this all out there such that when you guys do come together to talk, you know, it it it goes much smoother. Um so, that's the idea, right? You want to prime your mind and and you want to outsource essentially as much thinking as possible. Pre-plan all that thinking so that you don't have to do it during it's very very powerful and that my best trades are the ones where I call out way way way ahead of time the context and I already know how I'm going to go about it you know based off of the few edges that I trade. I really only trade like three setups. So um you know and and I know I always they I always pick those which setup based off of the context. So all of that is already kind of ready for me. I just need to think ahead to okay what is it exactly the kind of context that I want to see in order for me to make that play. So the morning stream I talk about this. Okay, I'm interested in a higher low play. If we can break out, if these buyers can make advance beyond that daily no change of the daily low of key supply, that would be notable. Then I would be interested in a higher low. And so that's what I do. And later on the session, it takes a long time because we bounced for a long time before finally breaking out. And I say, okay, listen, there's space for a higher low now. I'm interested in that potential 15-minute higher low. Might not be enough time for it. We'll see. That's at 120. Then some news hits about I don't know something something China something JayPal I have no idea and and that's what this high volume was and I said okay at 147 it's all about the breakout points and the context is like a scalpy take risk off kind of context given we're already a few days into the bounce like four days into the bounce a lot of headline risk we don't really know if there's going to be follow through so um I shake it all out I'm talking about it ideally we'll see some lower lows through the diva like follow through I would not be too interested if it drills right through the diva So, I want to see like choppy action coming down into the div.a and I and then I would like to see lower lows like follow through and then the div.a continue to uh essentially meet price, right? I want I would like the div.a to be as close to the low as possible to not only set up a low-risk setup uh not only to create a lowrisk setup but also so that I can be as close to the pivot as possible. The further away that I am from that pivot, the less confident I am in that location. Right? So, at 203 I said, "Okay, bought the pass back over the div.a for the ENQ and that was under the uh one minute higher low looking for 58. So that's over here at the end of the session it was this. So here's this high volume selling due to the news. Here's the developing value area high the div.a I wanted to see lower lows through the div.va like followthrough which is exactly what shakes out right lower low here through the div.va not very little acceptance lower low very little followthrough lower low very little followthrough. So I kind of hesitated honestly the better play would have been here and I think Mark got that play in the ES. So, shout out to Mark. Nice job. Um, I the better play would have been here. Stop under here and then look to chop it up like here. But I played this one off of the div.a because the diva is really the key. That's what I care about. As long as buyers are holding over the development value area high, they're moving value higher on the session. And this was so cheap here. It was a super super cheap buy. You buy that pass back over the Diva. It wasn't a perfect buy by any means. Something a little bit off of it. And then I was just looking to chop it up at 448 first. And then uh I didn't love the location because this is off of the low. So I can get taken out of this and the trade could still work, which is which is I think what happened. No, it's not. I just uh I walked the stop up and got stopped out. But if these sellers, right, were to take this low out um I'm sorry, take this low out here, right? Take out this low where my stop is, but then not take out this guy and then continue to rally. you know, that would have been technically sound and it just it it would just been my bad location, which is why I got, you know, that that would just been my bad location. So, um I didn't love that location, but it was very cheap to find out. And so, I took that shot and I was just looking for a piece of candy, a little day trade or whatever. And I said, I don't love the location, uh because it could still be constructive over the morning balance. As long as we're holding over this structure, there was no problem for these buyers. And so, you know, again, I I I was a little late to it. So, I was looking out for more under 466 um 466 and I missed it by a smidge initially, but then I eventually do get it. Yes, chop under 466 and then I walked uh the stop under local daily demand at 236. So, that was just over here. Walked it up and then I think walked up again and then we just stopped it out. So, that was it. Again, you know, I know this is a super long video because there was a lot of review, but I went, you know, I went four for four last week and technically four for five, right? I made four sessions and I just want to showcase, you know, that especially if you trade futures markets, you don't have to go for home runs. You know, it was a pretty much a home run week just by racking up singles. So, that's it. I won't bore you anymore with any uh more babbling. But, if you made it this far, thank you. I really appreciate you sharing some of your time and um energy with me. I hope you got something out of this video. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, that would uh be very welcome. It helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. And um that's pretty much it. If you're interested in the swing report uh which you know if if you're busy during the week, you know, you don't have time to scout trades or work screeners or whatever, then check out the swing report. It's uh me and Dana will give you an update on the market every single week. I will give you two fresh trade ideas again so that you know, let me scalp these trades for you. any trades that I do take um I will post the live updates for them. Same thing for Dano. Uh do realize that you know contextualize everything because I I have a lot of trading operations. So I don't I probably don't focus on the names that many people would prefer to focus on. Um but again I give you these levels just like in the MBDA trade, just like for the Bitcoin trades, the dollar, all of these trades in the beginning of the video. I'll give you two more novel ideas for stocks that you can trade as well. and um yeah, just try to help you uh simplify your process. And if you're just learning the ropes, then seeing those playbyplays, I think, is one of the best ways to figure out how to trade using this type of analysis. So, um that's that's it. Again, appreciate you guys sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see youall next time. Bye-bye.