============================================================
Video: lFr76evhUYM
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Rising Wedge Watch
Date: 2025-05-10
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5381
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:08.763918
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. I've been trading for coming up on 15 years at this point and we're going to dive into this video looking at the broader market as we see some signs of bulls slowing. We closed slightly red on the week and we're keeping an eye out on the potential of some bearish patterns. We have a lot of headlines in play. China deal over the weekend. Maybe, maybe not. But price action is king and a lot of people are trying to apply macroeconomics to short-term price action and it's not working well. So, we'll point out the key levels of what's most important. We got a lot to be looking at in terms of individual setups. We know Bitcoin and crypto stocks have been extremely strong. We've got a bit more of a riskon environment. Quantum stocks had a really good week thanks to the start of earnings. Silver's got a setup that we need to be keeping an eye on, as well as a number of other names that have potential cup and handles on longer term time frames. We'll certainly look at some bare setups as well, and I'll let you know how I'm positioning. All right, let's talk a little bit about rising wedges to start. So, a rising wedge is a pattern that shows bull exhaustion. It's an uptrend, but each bull break goes straight into consolidation and lacks follow-through. I am most confident in utilizing patterns like a rising wedge, falling wedge, head and shoulders, Adam and Eve reversal when it aligns with the most likely scenario on a longer term time frame. So, I want to see a big hourly drop. I know an hourly lower high is the most likely scenario and I scout a five minute rising wedge to show me that hourly lower high is shaping up with what we have right now. We could say if this is a daily rising wedge that still remains to be seen the burden of proof is on bears for me to prove that this is a rising wedge. It would potentially try and shape up a monthly lower high. We know on the NASDAQ anything under pretty much I'm just saying anything under the all-time high is a monthly lower high. If that monthly lower high is going to form, one of the ways it could do so would be a rising wedge. So that's what we're watching here. If we go to the 4 hour and draw it, we want to make sure we've got at least three touches ideally of a trend line in both directions. And it's actually a little bit better on the S&amp;P 500 in terms of getting those touches. You can go to the 12-hour. Let's just draw it here real quick. 12hour. So this is what I'm watching in the short term. Again, you got these one, two, three, four touches. And we're going to find out next week whether this confirms or not. And if we're going to confirm, we need to break support. On Friday, we came close to breaking support, but didn't really get much follow-through. Ended up just being a daily inside bar. So, there's two ways. So, now that I I watch this pattern, right? Okay, I'm aware of it. But it always still goes down to price levels because I can then just make a simple statement. If we do not break the low of Monday or no, I should say Wednesday. If we do not break the low of Wednesday, we're not going anywhere. The bears are not going to prove a thing. So, I know what I'm watching for. And then, in order to prove it, I know that we must break this level. And if this level does not break, the bulls have absolutely nothing to worry about. And so that low of Wednesday is a key support level on a lot of individual names that we're going to be keeping an eye on. So I'm definitely watching for it. Right now I am positioned, you know, it's a it's a bit tricky to say how I'm positioned in my IRA because, for example, on Monday, I went long miners with NUGT, which we'll talk about towards the end of the video. And so that's a bull long position. But recently the metals in the market have been a bit inverse. So does that mean it's a bare lean on that pattern? You know, it's difficult to say. Um I have a bit of a bullan overall because on Wednesday I did exit a bit of hedge position. Not as much as I would have liked. Uh but at this point, uh I'm I'm waiting. I'm patient because again, you know, this past week, not a whole lot went on in the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500 as far as giving us new information. We got a new support level. That's key. And now we're just watching the high, two resistance levels. We got, of course, the high of the move at this point, broke resistance without much follow through. And then the high of this bare flag on the way down. This is the most important short-term resistance zone, and that's the most important support. So, I'm just waiting for one of these to break to give us more information. And we look at the S&amp;P 500. Again, going to draw this a little sloppy because we're going to be quick here, but roughly same thing. Is this a rising wedge? We got the daily support level. We've got our top of this bounce and our top of the bare flag on the way down. These are the levels that I care about. As far as the major sectors, we've got, again, the way I view it is we got QQQ, which for me just encompasses tech and semis. We got XLF, we got XLV. XLV is very clearly the lead bear as we'll see here. XLF is clearly the lead bull and big tech and semis are somewhere in between. So we look at SMH, we look at the daily chart. Could this be a rising wedge as well? Yes, you could draw something similar. 4hour time frame, draw something like this. Again, I'm being a little sloppy just to be quick here. And as far as resistance is concerned, we've got the top of this move and the top of the bare flag. And we have a good bit more space above that Wednesday. Oh, it was actually a Tuesday higher low. So, we set the higher low a day earlier. That's now our guide for full control. Look at that back test. So, double top, get above it, back test, and hold into another leg up. Last week's video, I was saying, you know, these are a couple bare plays I'm watching if the broader market shows weakness. And it was NVDA, it was Amazon, and it was Tesla. And the reason for that was because we had multiple tops at the Trump pump high. And obviously, we got over them. I have a swing position in Amazon. Not convincing just yet. I definitely want another leg up. Again, it's bull break straight into consolidation, new high, straight into consolidation, new high. If we go straight into consolidation, those are the characteristics of a rising wedge. I've got a comfortable swing position from entering on uh one of these. I guess it was the fourth. Uh but I need I want to see 200 plus if I'm going to have confidence here that we can get another leg up. The point I'm trying to make is all of those names have broken resistance at least a bit and Tesla had not until Friday. And that was a clue that had me looking long Tesla, which ended up being uh a really good trade on Friday. But first NVDA again, daily uptrend is our guide. Bare flag resistance from the way down. So you can see most things are following the same kind of setup. They just have a little bit different levels to be looking at. So Tesla, what were the clues pre-market to be looking long on the open? So, as I just mentioned to start the week, Amazon, NVDA, Tesla all had multiple tops at Trump pump bounce highs. Tesla is the only one that still has it. So, if you got a a grouping of three things and two of them break bull, the probabilities then favor that the third one is going to break bull as well. That's what I would call a laggered bull break. So, that was one reason pre-market. The next was Tesla high of yesterday. It's in play first thing. We then ended up with a small gap up open above it. Uh bulls stood out strong in the first 10 minutes yesterday. So Thursday, the first 10 minutes it was just all buying. So that in combination with watching for it to be a lagard in combination with it testing a key short-term resistance first thing all had me with a market by filled out just watching the first couple what I thought would be first minute of open to see how we shape up. I ended up pressing the buy button 7 seconds into the morning and that was by the time I posted it was 7 seconds or a minute into the day got long Tesla first thing out some real quick stop under the low risk free if the low of the day is set that's it I'm comfy uh and again it took seven seconds because I I see the open what I want to know first thing is do we drop we open at 29028. We hit the low of the day by 28 cents and then we hit a new high of the day. And then I say, okay, we're not dropping first thing. I'm trying to long. And then now I'm playing off 290 if I'm keeping a really tight stop. And then uh again, you know, quick I got filled just under 291. If I sell a bid at 290, 250, now my break even is right down there at 290. Uh and I'm very comfortable. And we saw the bulls just rip on the morning. Again, Thursday, we did it. We saw this on Thursday. We just lacked follow-through. Thursday, big move first thing. Gave it all back. We did get another leg up, but uh again, I was just looking for that first thing move. And we got it in a big way. And I move. And we got it in a big way. And I move. And we got it in a big way. And I was all out once we lost one minute EMA 12. You know, sell a little bit, sell a little bit more, just under 300. and then losing one minute EMA 12 was my signal to exit the trade. Uh so that was a really good one and again it was just the preparation of combining those little details in terms of looking uh for the laggered bull move. And so now on the weekly perspective another leg up here daily chart we've got an uptrend again a bit of an upper wick. Bulls really want to hold the back test of 294 293 to 294 here. Well 292 to 294 zone because we topped out two three times. And if we go back, if we fall back under that to start this coming week, it'll be a little bit of a red flag in terms of the lack of follow-through. And then just like these other names, we'll just put a uptrending resistance line that rejects the price that we'll have to be keeping an eye on. But we could say Tesla had one of the more bullish days on Friday. And we'll see if that breakout can follow through at all. And we're watching this resistance level as well. 304. We topped out at 307. But uh nice day trade. And again, just just showing a little bit of insight into how I do things sometimes. All right, XLF lead bull on this bounce. How can we say that? Well, we can compare a number of ways, but retracement size from the high to the low, we've retraced, you know, easily 70 to 75%. We do the same thing on the NASDAQ, what have we retraced? We've retraced more like 63%. Uh, so it's just a bit more bounce followrough, but again, same thing. I'm looking at the potential of a rising wedge. 4hour time frame here. Draw it up. And I was ready for this one on Friday. I made an attempt short and exited. Uh, tiny loss. And the reason was I was saying, okay, if this is going to be a 4 hour rising wedge, keep an eye out for an hourly head and shoulders. So, we opened higher Friday morning. I was looking to fall through. So what does that mean? We got to break neckline support. Look at these holds. Extended hours and regular hours. 4972 73 76 and then on the morning when we hold 72 to me that's okay. Not ideal. I want to see support break. So um take a little bit of position off into support. I stopped out on this move. We tried again and held it. So that's a very clear again previous resistance acting as support. This level must break if it's going to be a 4hour rising wedge. I'm going to be watching for it the first couple of days this week. But bears failed to prove it on Friday. If they prove it to start this coming week, the higher low on Tuesday, 48.97, is the most important level. If we bear break but hold that level and don't see follow-through, we know the bulls continue to keep full control of the daily chart. We've just been setting higher lows. So, the fear bottom is hit. There's a higher low. There's a higher low, higher low, higher low, higher low. Nothing changes if we are forming higher lows. We will be able to say, hey, something's different from the bounce of the last few weeks when we lose the higher lows for the first time. And this applies to a lot of individual names and a lot of sectors. So, that's what we're watching. XLV is very easily the biggest bare major sector. Again, all the way back to the long-term patterns video for four months ago, we were looking for yearly consolidation for the second time in 16 years because of what the yearly candle looked like in 2024. We got followed through initially. Bears definitely want another leg down. We're rejecting from EMA12. We had a 4hour rising wedge here as well. Was watching this one. I missed the entry move. You know, you can look at headlines here. You've got uh the biotech sector has been getting crushed. You've got again um you know RFK Jr. doing things and you've got you know Trump announcing Medicare price whatevers. I don't care at all about the headlines but as you can tell with my vague overview but clearly weak. So if anything's going to break the fear lows healthcare will do it first and tell us hey maybe the other sectors are going to follow. But uh again just looking down at those lows now 13156 12966 if you told me I have to be short a major sector I'm definitely scouting healthc care. Uh the things I don't like about it it's not as liquid as other things. The instruments are not the same. You don't have a bearish uh leveraged ETF like you do on the financial sector, the NASDAQ, the semiconductors. uh it's just clearly it's not as utilized by traders. So the the instruments just aren't there. But it's a lead bear. And so we're going to watch to see do we break those fear lows and get another leg down. And you know if we're looking longterm I'm going to be  watching well we'll take it one week at a time but could easily see a move down you know down towards the low 120s at least looking at this yearly chart. And we got space for a daily lower high to be the result of the next bounce. It's a daily stairst step drop right now. Lower high every day, seven days in a row. Biotech sector, as I mentioned, also uh weaker weekly lower high set. We've been setting weekly lower highs for a few months at this point. More space to try and hold the fear low, but again, clearly healthcare lead bear. Quantum had a good week. QBTS had uh an earnings report that bulls really liked and we had so much volatility on Thursday. Look at this Thursday move. So, we gap up. We see a quick push up. We double top at the pre-market high. We dump 15% and then we turn around and rip 41%. Insane volatility in the quantum names to end this past week. And we're looking up at the recent high on QBTS and there's a very clear resistance zone here. We're battling that. We have an hourly uptrend still. If we break it, we're going to be looking for a daily higher low with tons of space for it to form. Other names in the quantum space, ONQ, guess what? We're watching for the possibility of a rising wedge still in play. RGTI has earnings on Monday. Bulls are a bit weaker because we have not broken recent highs. QBTS clear lead Quantum Bull and the other names have proving to do. We'll see what the earnings reaction is. But again, just the volatility alone great for trading in these names. Tried to long RTI first thing on Friday as well and I did. Uh but I exited pretty quickly once I saw Tesla was the place to be focusing. When I'm day trading, I generally only want to be in one trade at a time to give it to be in one trade at a time to give it to be in one trade at a time to give it my full attention. If you know I position and then I set a break even stop and now I don't need to watch it. It's either going to get to my target or stop me out. Okay, I can focus on other things. But this was actually the first time that I had entered two individual names within the first two minutes of trading in any given day. 99% of the time, it's just one name because things are so fast on the open. I want to be giving it my full attention. Crypto. So, Bitcoin's knocking on the door of alltime highs. Bitcoin was a top watch for us into the end of April and the start of May for a monthly higher low. We set it and now all-time highs are in play. MSTR was showing us relative strength before this move got going. Grabbed that swing position a few weeks ago. That's going well. Still riding that MSTY, the dividend version here. But the market is telling us watch crypto stocks. Why? Well, look at C. C was a SPAC and you know getting into to Bitcoin strategy like MSTR and so once that news comes out we run 380% in a week and a half and granted we topped out. We know that's how these moves end with big drops but massive opportunity there. Then on Friday, you get word that this penny stock NXT has significant Bitcoin holdings. They announce and in one day this penny stock shoots up 900%. And then after hours it shoots up another 138%. So again, these are not investments. These are find the euphoria momentum in the market, which is this is my trading career summed up in a nutshell. Find the euphoria in the market. Trade that momentum. Sell on the way up into strength knowing you're not going to nail the top. You are going to leave money on the table, but you're not going to be holding any position when we drop 40% from the highs. And then play back burners and look for short-term oversold conditions for entries to play the volatility. And so again, just having these two Bitcoin related names ripping like this is number one, it's showing other things. Hey, you know, if you put crypto on your balance sheet, maybe your stock can run like this. But again, with Bitcoin on the the precipice of all-time highs, uh it's just clearly the market is saying, you know, focus on these names for breakouts and and obviously a name like this, massive risk and reward, lack of liquidity, tons of halts and gaps. You got to know what you're doing. Um but both of these names have a significant lack of liquidity, which is why bulls are able to run it, run both of them in the manner that they have. But definitely gets my attention like, okay, you know, keep an eye on something that's illquid, uh, liquid enough to trade, but illquid in the terms of hundreds of millions of dollars pouring into it and, uh, watch for those hype runs. Oil. So, we watching for the possibility of a two-day higher low, and we got it. So, equilibrium watch here. Standard low. So, volatility, big drop, 50% plus bounce retracement, higher low. We're going to scout a lower high compared to 64.87. 87 and we're going to look to keep tightening up this coming week and we'll look for this to break later in May to give us some direction from there. Haven't looked at energy in a while. Not a very impressive bounce again. Bull break. No follow through. No followth through. Clearly struggling at struggling at resistance. Bear's got a top fishing level to be looking at there. So, if I'm looking short energy, I want to try and align a short with oil setting a two-day lower high. All right, Metal. So, the dollar's got a weekly bounce underway. We know a weekly lower high is the most likely scenario, and the daily uptrend is our guide for when the weekly lower high is being set. So, uptrend confirmed, higher low, higher high. So, we're going to be watching for that. We've got gold tightening up. I'm just viewing gold as an equilibrium as well. High low of the pullback, lower high, trying for a higher low. So, just trading sideways a bit. No red flags. The we have a very clear level. We could say the the gold bulls remain in breakout mode, blue sky breakout mode, as long as 3,200 is support. Lose that and we'll say, okay, a longer term shift is taking place. But silver is a top watch for me from here because this setup screams to me uh we could break out in a big way. Silver is known to fumbling those setups, but this is a top watch for me. And I actually added some silver uh to end this week because I like the riskreward. What's the riskreward here? And why do I like it? Well, again, tightening range. So, this tells me volatility is coming here. If not this coming week, certainly the next week. and a double top. Look at this these tops. These are 13-year highs. So, we have a double top at 13-year highs. And if this tightening range breaks bull and gets to that double top and breaks the double top, then we're at 13 plus year highs and in breakout mode essentially. So, what's I the riskreward I like here is let's just use SLV the instrument. But 29 needs to hold if this tightening range, you know, we could break 29 and then just keep tightening up on a longer term time frame. But if this shorter term pattern is going to break bull, then 29 needs to hold. So if I'm in at 2970 on Friday, then I'm risking 70s and the reward, you know, if we break out over this high, I'd be looking, you know, 33 plus. So let's just say uh reward is three plus dollars 330 and risk is 70. So that's the kind of riskreward you want to be looking for in setups. Binance is a cryptocurrency that has nothing to do with silver but the setup reminds me, you know, I look at this two-day tightening range. They're coming from different points on the chart, but just watching this tightening range. Got a quick bull break. And I'm looking for silver to try and do the same. Tightening range, quick bull break. Got to get up over 3370 this coming week. I did enter the miners on Monday and that's going well. Took a little profit. I'll stop out if this low breaks. The the thesis here is that's either a weekly bull flag or I'm wrong. So, make an entry for the bull flag. Exit a little bit into an initial gap up. Solid nice move. Very low risk stop. So, again, I like putting myself in lowrisk, high reward scenarios. Duh. But, uh, that's an example of how to do it. And so, uh, metals and miners top watch into the end of May as well. Natural gas, again, natural gas has had a solid move. We know a monthly higher low is the most likely scenario. It's trying to shape up. Weekly chart, big enough bounce where I will be watching. Again, this could this could be a a bare flag or I should say a bearish head and shoulders, but it's a big enough weekly bounce where I'm going to keep an eye out. Again, I don't care at all about natural gas. I don't care if I miss this move. I don't care. And we'll talk about that in just a minute. It just reminded me of something. But it's a superpower to not care. It doesn't mean I'm lazy. It just means that I wait for the trade to come to me exactly as I want it or it's like being picky with dating, right? I know what my standards are. I know what I'm looking for. I'm not going to settle. And so what I want to see is whenever this move tops out, if it goes higher, great. more confidence that a weekly high or low is the most likely scenario. I'll be scouting the weekly high or low and eventually, just like I did down here, I'll be looking to say this is either the weekly higher low or I'm wrong. And I'll use that low as my stop. Just like I did down here, I said I made an entry right around here. I said that's the weekly higher low or I'm wrong. And fortunately, it was. So, I will do the same thing here. But again, it's it's almost like I'm playing hard to get with the trade where I don't care. And this goes back to a day trade on Google on this news dump, right? So, Google, you know, Apple maybe not going to use Google or use an AI search, whatever. By the way, Google has been in trouble for a while with AI, but I was surprised at the size of this move because well, duh, people are you I mean, I use AI. I use Google 10% of what I used to six months ago. And that's that's the trend that's not changing. So, I was surprised at the size of the reaction, but this is where teamwork comes into play because, and I don't have the screenshot here, but a bunch of people saw this, so I'm not a liar. Uh Joey, Jungle Funk Joey posted in the chat room, hey, you know, Google's getting towards historical oversold RSI levels on I forget what he said, 15 minute, five minute, two minute, something like that. All right, I'll look at it. Right. So, I pulled it up and at no point did I have any interest in trading Google. I don't trade Google often at all. So, I looked at it when Joey said historical oversold RSI and I said, you know, I forget if I had already made my day at that point or whatever. I was like, "I don't care. I don't care. I'm not I'm not interested." And then from his post, we saw one more bare flag on the way down. He posted in the 149s, I believe. And so, we had one more leg down. And after this leg, I said, "All right, fine. We're getting to extremes. If we break 148, the psychological level that I was watching at that point, I'll make an an attempt." And so, we break 148. I'm filled at 14791, seven pennies from the bottom. And that's the bottom. I sell a little bit into one minute EMA 12. Why am I selling so fast? Well, we've been rejecting from one minute EMA 12 the entire way down for the last hour. And so I know that if we're going to keep keep heading down and if I got a bad entry, we're going to reject from that. So I in advance sell a little bit there. Maybe it's a third. And now my break even is under the low of the day. and I stick a break even stop and I either nailed it or I don't lose a dollar. And so then it keeps following through. I sell a bit more and it keeps following through and I sell a bit more. But the highlight of that trade is number one, teamwork. Thanks for the assist, Joey. Number two, I didn't care about missing this trade at all. I didn't care about Google at any point on this dump. And it was almost like the trade grabbed me and slapped me in the face. All right, if you're gonna hit me in the face with a good setup, all right, now I'll take it. And so often being that mindset keeps me from entering a move early. You know, so many people were asking me, why didn't you enter on a 149 break or a 150 break? We were extreme. It was because I didn't care at that point. I don't know how else to to quantify that feeling of just not caring. Um, and again, you know, doesn't mean I'm lazy. doesn't mean I'm it just means that I don't care if I miss the trade and then when you get to extremes of the extremes of the extremes all right I'll try it. I did the same thing with XLE. I don't trade the energy sector but if you give me this monster dump into extremes fine I'll give it a shot. So that's my mindset. So what what what's the takeaway there? I would suggest practice strengthening that because so often strange noises so often people feel FOMO and the not wanting to miss the trade is what leads to them to enter too early and I know it's very hard you know I I didn't develop the not caring aspect until I had thousands of trade and 10,000 plus hours under my belt when it's new and exciting I get it I felt the FOMO too I didn't want to miss the trade But once you realize there are infinite, as long as the market is o is a thing, there are infinite trading opportunities and if you miss it, it doesn't matter at all. Uh you got to burn that into your brain. All right, appreciate you watching. Thanks everybody who's been checking out the free trial in the chat room. Looking forward to live streaming Monday. I think that's closed now, so probably shouldn't have mentioned it, but do good things.