============================================================
Video: 4ocw3emVAIE
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: China Deal Dump?
Date: 2025-05-11
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8759
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:02.905098
============================================================

The market affirmed our thesis from last week uh regarding the potential for us to continue to chop around within a local range just because well we're in this area where there was a lot of value established which is also sitting on top of a major key level of change July 2024 high. So um briefly breaking over the prior week's range and then coming back right into it again affirms our thesis. Now what is next for the market? How do we manage it? There's a lot of headline risk, trade deals occurring over the weekend. So, in this video, we'll cover all of that. My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the Trike Ice team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures room and our swing report. So, let's get into it. All right, so starting off with the overall market spy here, like we said in the that there was very little change over the week, right? We broke briefly broke over the prior week's high and then fell right back into the range. And if you're, you know, if you didn't watch last week's video, then our reasoning for that last week was just that, well, this is a lot of supply. A lot of value was established here. This is where the sellers last took their stand before this major breakdown. This selling was affirmed over here, right? Affirmed over here, affirmed over here, and then a battle for it over here before finally breaking over, holding a back test of it, and then coming into this range. So essentially these buyers now are challenging the sellers that took their last stand essentially over here and we're oscillating right around the point of control of the structure 560.76. So these buyers need to hold over 560.76 in order to affirm their structure as demand which would then keep them positioned very well to continue to affirm the breakout over the July 2024 high. So acceptance over 560.76 essentially is also going to affirm this breakout over the July 2024 high. Technically, these buyers have to hold over 56516 in order to hold over in order to affirm the July 2024 high um breakout. Um but it's pretty much a proxy. This structure is pretty much a proxy for this key level here. So, if we can find acceptance over the point of control of the structure, essentially they're going to be positioned well to continue to pick up where they left off uh when they could not hold over it over here. Right? So this retracement negating this breakout over the July 2024 high, this consolidation period was essentially well consolidating the the gains from the sellers, this breakdown was affirming that consolidation was affirming this move. And now we're back to testing it essentially is all we really need to know from a technical perspective. There's not much more to say about it beyond that. Now, you know how things shake out in the near term. First of all, it's not really a market where you want to be terribly active. Uh, I continue to assert that like this is this is that's been my opinion for a while now. And in this current location, I think it's even less of a place where you want to be active. Recall that we were looking for buys off of this major high over here. We were looking for sells off of this structure on the initial test. Both of those ideas did shake out. Okay, it's not like there's huge followthrough in either of those. Actually, buying off the bottom was pretty good, but um there wasn't much followthrough off of the sell of this supply. But the idea now going forward is because we're back in this chop zone because there's very key level of change here because trade negotiations have kind of just kicked off like they with China at least. Um there was also trade negotiations with the UK. But the China one is really what we care about. If you recall last week we were talking about the the potential that the other shoe to drop would be a China deal, right? 145% tariffs on Chinese goods on our end and 125% I believe last time I checked from uh uh from you know uh in China right those that's a tariff that they've implemented on us it's just unsustainable many economists think that uh somewhere around the 50% mark for tariffs on Chinese goods for for in the US would pretty much be like business as usual like that's kind of like the threshold for business as usual um I would not be surprised if if we somehow find ourselves there. Uh, you know, Trump first came out saying no way are we going to budge um from 145% and then like a few days or weeks later or whatnot and now he's he sent out a message saying pretty much right before Bessant went out to Switzerland to talk to begin these China uh discussions. He said um you know now maybe 80% looks about right. It's up to Scotty B I think is is what is how he phrased it. So, you know, this is very classic Trump, right? To uh say something or try to get something really large, right? You you start off with a really really big ask and then when you reel it back in, you know, it it seems more reasonable even if it is still fairly extreme, right? Like 80% is still pretty extreme. So, um we'll see how that goes. This these trade discussions, they typically take a lot of time to develop. So it's not as if like some you know we shouldn't expect something to come out of these discussions like on Monday. It's unlikely. But what is more likely to occur is we'll get this kind of drip feed of news where it'll be like oh the discussions are going well and the market will kind of pump a little bit and then um we'll get like oh the mark discussions are falling apart and then um it'll dump a little bit right and then um then it'll be like oh Scott Bessant got a Hello Kitty doll from you know Xiinping and then it'll rally a bit and then it'll be like oh the Hello Kitty doll had anthrax in it and then it'll dump a bit and that's just kind of how how things go this cycle until something is finally penned, usually months later, sometimes it's not even a big announcement kind of a situation. So, um just be mindful of that, right? And how we should manage the market then it going forward is again it's just a matter of is this market still climbing a wall of worry and as long as we are the selling is not negating these daily breakout points which did not occur last week. The FOMC reaction was essentially the low of it I should say was just a drop and pop at this daily no change level 556.52. So this higher high that lack follow-through. Okay. Yes, it was certainly not ideal for these buyers. If these buyers were going to get up and go here, these higher prices over this uh low this high should have attracted new buyers. It did not. So again, that affirms our thesis that we are potentially looking at further chop in the overall market. But that chop if it's over 556.52 is no problem for these buyers. It continues to affirm this breakout. If we see lower lows next week, however, though, we do want to be paying attention to 54687. Why 54687? It's the low of the structure that we're trying to resolve right now. And it's not just a matter of breaking under it, right? Like just like over here, we broke back under the breakout point. Just like over here, we broke back under the breakout point, right? So over here, this retracement, right? It was under this breakout point, under this high. But you don't find acceptance, right? I just move it for now. You don't find acceptance and it's fine, right? Same dealio over here, right? you move a a break back below this breakout point over here, right? And all of this market acceptance over here didn't really last. It's always a matter of acceptance. It's not some it's never static when you're a technical trader or in life, right? Things are never static, right? It's always constantly going. You have to constantly assess it, right? It's it's like if you're a parent or something, right? And you you see you tell your kid, "Hey, listen, go do your homework, right?" And they're doing their homework or whatever. You don't just go off, right? and assume, okay, they're going to complete their homework now, right? You kind of have to check in on them, right? You have to monitor for continuation, as Mr. Dalton would say, and just kind of assess the situation and say, "Hey, hang on a second, right? Is is he why does he look so focused on these pages and he's not turning the pages and then just shake the book and it's like a Steam Deck or something falls out like a Nintendo Switch or something falls out and you're like, "Oh, why I no, you don't do that anymore." Um, I don't have kids, so uh, I guess you would say you knucklehead. I don't know. I'm I'm not sure how I would approach that really. I guess I would ask where did you get this Steam Deck, right? Cuz I would want to have my my kid a Steam Deck anyway. Um, I guess it depends on the age. So anyway, that's pretty much it for the overall market. Uh, how I would handle it, how we would manage this market in my opinion is just to pump these breaks, right? take a look, get a look at for how these new headlines might drop the next week in response to these trade deals. Is it negating these breakout points? If not, and we continue to see drop in pops, it's reasonable to just keep playing with momentum as a buyer. But you want really want to be short-term mindset in this, especially because we've already created demand, broke out, demand, broke out, demand, broke out, and now we're just balancing here. We're not really quite sure how this is going to be affirmed. if you're going to be a seller. So again, a buyer, you're looking for moves back under this breakout point 556.52 that doesn't see follow-through and then pass back over and then you can be looking for short-term buys. Um playing to the other side of the range. If you're a seller, I would say just be patient here, right? Wait for a little bit of breakdown, let them drive back under this daily no change level, create a lot of space for a potential lower high uh off of this new new supply, assuming it does form as supply, and then we can look for like lower high plays on the right side of the move essentially. You don't really have to be aggressive here trying to be on the left side of the move. If you're a seller, the buyers are still in control of this market right now from a daily perspective. And the weekly time frame, you know, these sellers are running out of space for a potential lower high. Technically, the sellers do control this market on the weekly time frame with a weekly lower high and a lot of weekly overhead supply and on the monthly chart, however. So, we've got a lot of conflicting signals right now in the uh different time frames, which again, which support diminished activity. the monthly time frame. Technically, you do lose these higher low supports, but you know, it's a lot of buying here and really really bigger picture. We're still just holding over here. So, not a very clear um setup for like week week plus swings, but in terms of like daytime frame 0 to two days, I think that's fine. That's pretty much what Dan's been focused on as well. Um just like short duration trades, I think that's fine. And if and if you're not comfortable with that, you're more of like a weak plus swing trader, you know the deal. Just don't do too much at all. You don't have to do anything and just wait for this market to show you some clarity uh one way or another. Okay, so that's pretty much it for SPY. Moving on to the Q's. So the Q's is a very similar situation, right? Again, the FOMC reaction drop and pop at the daily no change level 477.20. So hopefully, you know, people didn't get caught off on the wrong side of this. This is something that we've been watching for a while. This is a concept that we talk about pretty much every week, right? It's always a matter of did the market affirm or negate whatever has just happened. And as long as it's affirming what has been happening, then you can just keep playing with that, right? That's how at least that's how I follow the trend, right? The trend is your friend. So, how do I determine what is the trend at least on, you know, one time frame, right? Well, it's just a matter of if we just broke out, can the sellers take out that breakout point? If not, then we can just keep being buyers. Now, it doesn't mean that we are buyers everywhere, right? We still have to be picky about location and sometimes that can be tricky. Like last week, I barely made enough uh for a taco dinner essentially because well, there just wasn't a lot of range and honestly I also wasn't sharp. I made some mistakes which uh one mistake I will go over at the end of this um uh video here for the trade review. But either way, daily higher low has been set here 476.78. Now there's a little bit of relative strength in the QQQ relative to the 36 to 42 structure. So this supply over here or technically it's being firmerous demand right now. We have two equivalent structures essentially, right? This guy on this ES on the spy is the same as this guy on the NQQ NQQ. And you can see that okay the spy is over the point of control. The QQQ is over the point of control as well. But the QQQ is over the value area high of the structure. Right? Now that being said, you can see the July 2024 high over here for the spy and the July 2024 high over here for the Q's. So, you know, you're they are there's a little bit of relative strength depending on how you look at it, right? From a local structure uh perspective. Technically, the Q's have some relative strength here from relative to to the July 2024 high. The SPY has a little bit of relative strength here. And I think the SPY is probably going to have I wouldn't be surprised at least if the spy has a bit of a hard go at it because right now XOV is just not doing so hard. And the spy moves the best when they when the this is something Dan talks about all the time, right? When the three major sectors are moving together, right? This is why um I don't I don't know if all the viewers know this from these these videos, but if you trade the daytime frame with us in the chat room, then one of the things that Dan always talks about is are all three sectors at the lows together? The three major sectors, that's tech, finance, and healthcare. Are they at the lows together or at the highest together? And if they're all at the lows together at any point in the session, he just completely foregoes buys for daytime frame stuff. And if they're at the highs together at whatever um uh if their highs together at one point in the session, then he'll forgo sells, right? Because that just suggests that these of the buyers for all three of these major sectors, they're all aligned right now. Even if they're not constantly at the highest together or constantly at the lows together, just the fact that they were at one point is pretty good indication that the buying is strong or the selling is strong. Something talks about all the time. So, um anyway, that's um that's just a little tangent, I guess. But anyway, moving back to the Q's here, it's a similar situation, right? We care primarily about whether or not um these buyers can hold over 477.20 and 47868. As long as they can do that, then they're they're doing just fine. Similar situation to the spy. If you want to be a seller here, just wait for us to break back down under a daily not change level, which would essentially negate this breakout. And as soon as this breakout is negated, now you can kind of be confident to be playing with these sellers a little bit. Very similar to like over here, right? We break down under all of this structure and then you have kind of lower high plays available to you over here and then we break down again and then you have a lower high play relative to this over here. SPY, again, very similar, right? all of this structure over here, what what are these highs over here, right? These highs over here. If not, just back tested these lows over here, right? So, let these buyers, the sellers do some proving first and then you can look to back test off of the structure that they just broke down from. Um, similar situation over here, right? You got four days of supply, breakdown, look for the back test plan. A bunch of supply over here, break down, look for the back test plan right over here. Okay, that was obviously a tricky one, but but um still uh it was very reasonable. And in the ES, if you trade the overnight session, it really wasn't that bad, right? It looks like this. So, here's the lows of that breakdown over here, right? And then here's the high of that reaction. You could be looking for sells against that, especially because it's a straight shot higher. So, anyway, um that's uh really it for the cues. Hang on. Did we do trade zones last week? I don't think so. No. Uh I don't think so. Okay, these are some old ones, right? This I still think is very reasonable. Just looking for a responsive trade off of the lows of this range. This one was like a higher time frame setup, right? Looking for that potential lower high if they're going to make this work, then uh they should step in soon. And this is a situation where because things are so unclear if you do happen to use these zones and then you do happen to get some um unrealized gains, protect those gains, chop it up, throw a stop over the local high and then see if they the market will follow through because this is not really a terribly easy market in my opinion to look for uh weak plus trades. Okay. And then finally for the rut here. Uh so the rut a lot of relative weakness, right? We're still way way under the all-time high. the July the uh 2021 high never really even made uh much progress above it. So lots of relative weakness. I would not be surprised if we're going to chop around within this guy for some time. So you're looking at chop within chop within chop, right? So this is kind of just a rut's you know modus operandi the mo here. Um it's just been very it is a very choppy chart compared to the uh other indexes and that was something that we talked about on Friday. Um but whatever I said tangent anyway. So uh very similar situation though right a lot of relative weakness compared to this equivalent structure from the beginning of March here right again that's these guys right this is QQQ's this is spies and then this is uh the ruts here and the rut obviously showing a lot of relative weakness right it's not even at the point of control of this local supply over here that being said daily no change level is being affirmed so you do break back over you break over 196.86 86 come back down under it. Little acceptance and you also held the low of this local supply. Right? So that's this is actually a notable failure. This move down that doesn't quite touch down to this prior high doesn't quite touch down to the low of this structure was a notable failure on the seller's part. So again this is like a another example of when something does not happen. It gives you a good indication for how you should look to play it going forward. As long as that thing that didn't happen continues to happen. Um buyers were looking okay here. So space for a higher low over 195.64. If we do see acceptance next week into new highs over 2033. Buyers should try to get here next 20546 to affirm this structure as demand. Affirming this structure as demand keeps them positioned well to have a go at this value area low. Now we have to go back in time quite a bit here. This value area low is just the value area low of this structure over here which is kind of the gateway into all of this. And you can see how this fellow over here made for this major selling over here, major selling over here, and then it's been a battle for it ever since. So that's really it um for the rut, I guess. Did we do a trad? I don't think so. Hold on one. Um okay. Right. So we had this guy, which is just a play off of this supply, looking for a weekly lower high. And I don't hate it. Still like if you are going to look for this trade for the sell, it's probably best to do in the rut. Um, I don't hate it, but again, it's a situation where if you have some unrealized gains, take them and run, chop it up, stop over local high, and then take it from there. Uh, moving on to the Dow here. Excuse me. Um, moving on to the Dow here. Again, very similar, right? Here's the equivalent of that structure, right? That early March into uh early April structure. And a lot of relative weakness, right? So the um top 30 stocks or whatever of the S&amp;P uh by market cap are not doing so hot, right? Because over here they're not even at the uh they're barely testing the value area low of the structure. We do want to mark up the low of this guy, right? Because that's going to be a good reference just like it was for the rut here, right? If these rut buyers can hold over 19549, then they're still chipping away at this. Just like for the SPY and the QQQ, SPY, if you're holding over 54687, they're still chipping away at this. That's okay. Um 45733 still chipping away at this. That's all right. Same thing can be said for the Dow over here. So goal for these buyers is to is twofold. One, hold over the breakout point, the most recent breakout point, 403.75, and then also hold over 407.25, the low of this structure to continue chipping away at this guy, which is obviously the key supply in the way for them right now. And you can see again a very notable failure to not quite touch down. Let me just get this out of the way here. To not quite touch down on the um low of this structure over here. So if we see higher highs next week, these buyers should be trying to get back up to 425.10 next. All right. So that is it. Uh moving on here to the dollar. So this is starting to get interesting here, right? If the dollar is going to stabilize here, then the first thing they have to get done is find acceptance over 99.800, which is the point of control of this fellow over here, which is what held all this balance. We've been talking about it a lot. If you want to be a buyer in the dollar and recycle this zone essentially, you want to see a little bit higher, drive a little bit higher here, let these buyers move above the daily no change level from the sellers perspective, 109 point 10.975. This breakdown not yet negated without getting back over 10.975. So if you want to be a buyer here and essentially recycle this idea which I think is very reasonable if these buyers can crack over this fella make some space such that they would be extension when you back test this point of control and then we can be playing to get back here playing to get back to here playing to get back to here I think that would be very uh reasonable but for now just looking for a potential weekly lower high anything under 104.340 would be good for one and again this is notable that we're not really seeing that much acceptance back under this key demand zone over here that has contained all this balance since 2022. But at the same time, these sellers are still negate affirming this breakdown as long as over not over 10.975. So again, if you're a buyer, wait for this break above, then look to play off of this area and you're looking to play to the other side. Uh MVDA, so this trade zone is still working out just fine, right? I I I get the sense that this structure is going to be important for a while, for a very long time. um just because you know we kind of have to work off the froth a little bit I think here I think long term there's no reason to be betting against MVDA they have a like a pretty strong strangle hold right now on the hardware that's necessary to essentially advance AI and again we've discussed in prior videos that I think those were in these videos I forget um that like users like you and me right we're we're not really using AI to do anything too meaningful like large language models we're like around maybe some people are developing relationship ships with um their AIS or whatever or were making funny pictures, right? Uh arguably funny, arguably dangerous um photographs and videos or or audio recordings like the fellow who uh kind of stole Dan's voice and was scamming people. Major bummer. Um but like they pretty much got a corner they've pretty much cornered the market right for for um AI tech in ter in terms of like chips and data centers and you can see that in their earnings you know like they are just absolutely crushing it with these revs that's insane amount of revs and it's continuing to increase and they have a ton of cash on hand that's $15 billion on hand so you know they have plenty of runway here to continue to build out more infrastructure and I mean just look at their assets against liabilities so you know again I continue to assert that NVDA is probably like a long-term buy and hold for the foreseeable future until something disrupts this technology potentially quantum. Um, oh right, what I was forgot to say was like researchers, scientific uh researchers and whatnot. Um, they're using AI in a much more meaningful way, right? You're you're seeing record amount of patents getting uh issued right now because uh researchers, scientists and whatnot, they're now able to be way more effective with their work. So that should create further demand for um more of MVDA's products. So um that's pretty much it. It should be like kind of positive feedback loop essentially, right? Like researchers, avantgard, cutting edge researchers, they develop this new tech, these new technologies with the assistance of AI and then they should get more funding for that. If they get more funding, they'll want to get more compute to help them to further their research. If they want to get more compute, they'll have to buy more uh AI solutions, right? hardware and software which should again uh help MVDA right because everybody else kind of dropped the ball in terms of semis um like you know MU and and uh um AMD they kind of dropped the ball when it comes to uh building out like AI infrastructure so I kind of doubt they're they they'll catch up um but we shall see so anyway MBDA this trade zone is doing just fine if you use this guy you should be out you know at least partials now you can leave your stop under here um I get the sense that this rotation will likely get bring us all the way back to the highs of the range. Again, I don't know that. You never know that, you know, um they don't always work out like this, for example. But if you are interested in getting trade zones like this sent to you every single week, um check out this ring report. Links in the description below. You get an update from me, you get an update from Dan. Uh I'll update you on any of the trades that are kind of in play, any old trade ideas that are in play, any trades that Dan and I take. We will push out live updates um just to kind of show you how we uh get it done. Obviously, they're not always going to be bangers, but that's trading. Trading is hard. There's wins, there's losses. Um, that's losses are not that the important part, right? Wins are not the important part. How you manage your risk, that's the that's the most important part. Best losers win, as Mr. Hoggard would say. Um, great book. Check it out if you're uh, you know, interested in trading. Anyway, so for MVDA here, weekly time frame, uh we do have a weekly higher low and higher high now. But we are still just testing this supply over here. This is again where the sellers made their stand. They rejected it from here. So defend this structure, right? They defended this structure over here, defended over here, defended over here. And at the at now these buyers are finding acceptance over 114.54, which again increases the potential that these buyers continue to try to rotate to the other side of this very large range. If this is going to be a potential head and shoulders, I think this is a pretty reasonable area to be looking for that potential right shoulder to form. You know, you look at some other major tech names and they did roll over back into these major structures, but they are now back over this key demand, right? So, if we just take a look at um hang on a second here, the bank names, Apple did break down under here, Microsoft still just trading sideways. It confirmed its own janky head and shoulders and they just now it's back within this range. So again, I'm thinking MVDA probably looking at something like this. Meta, same dealio. Broke back out into this demand zone, but now it's right back over it. Netflix just still ripping. It's doing just fine. Um Google, arguably one of the weaker names, right? Back back back uh back under the 2022 high, but still as long as we're holding over this guy, trading sideways above it is fine. Amazon, same dealio, right? We're still just kind of straight trading sideways here. Potentially this janky head and shoulders, but as long as we're holding over this fella, it's no problem. So MVDA is showing a lot of relative strength in that regard. We're not back into this 2022 structure. That's this. So Apple is back under its or it briefly broke back under the 2023 high. That's over here for NVDA. Look how far away we are, you know. Um so for Microsoft, it broke back down under the 2023 structure as well. Very very MVDA is just looking so much better. So um that's pretty much it at this point. Now, I think you could probably recycle this zone. Honestly, if we come back down here and have extension into it, you can probably recycle this guy again. Um, all right. So, moving on here to Bitcoin. So, for Bitcoin, Bitcoin's looking great, solid. Again, if you use this trade zone, um, you should be out partials by now. It could be walking your stock up. And at this point now, because the buyers created this new demand zone over here, you can walk your stop up to under 91685.18. If you really want to have a runner for the potential of like this um is it quarterly for this monthly higher low seeing followthrough then just walk up a partial stop, right? That's the beauty of Bitcoin is you can you know pretty much exit however you like in terms of sizing. So you can walk up a partial stop to under this fella over here, this local daily demand and then leave your stop for the rest for any remaining position that you want to potentially hold for follow through on a monthly higher low to here right under this guy and then see what the market will will give you. As of right now, these buyers are doing just fine as long as they're holding over 97948.56. And you can see where the price is kind of flattening out right now over the weekend. It's at the point of control of this key all-time high supply. So, this is the supply that's sitting at the all-time high. And if these buyers are going to be positioned well for a go at new all-time highs, which would just be over 109358.01, then they're going to have to find acceptance over 10500. Essentially, this call 105K holding over 105K. affirms this fella as demand and then greatly increases the potential that these buyers see some uh potential followthrough. Hang on a second here. You okay, bud? I think my cat has hyper anesthesia disease syndrome. Not sure what you call it. Major bummer. Maybe that's why his original owners threw him out. But we're not going to do that. We're going to we're going to keep them around. Um we just hit those deductibles year after year. Um anyway, so that's uh pretty much it for Bitcoin space for a daily higher low. Anything over 93363.28 is going to be good for that daily higher low. And again, we're just um you know, we're just uh these buyers are doing fine as long as holding over 97948.56. If you're looking for a trade zone in the, you know, next weeks to come or whatnot, I think playing off of this guy is pretty reasonable. Playing off of this point of control as well, it's going to be, I think, a rather large zone. So I think I think that's just about right. That's just about, you know, good or something like this playing back to this point of control. I know it's already out there right now. This is obviously a zone for a pullback play. Something like this, I think, would be pretty reasonable. It's 2.5 R trying to get back there. Uh he's going to need some more gapent for sure. Okay. Um so that's pretty much it for Bitcoin. Um Ethereum, okay, they're not all going to be winners. this guy. Obviously, egg on my face here. Big old rip up back into um this all this supply over here. And you know, the sellers did do what they should have done once already over here. And I would have expected them to try again, but clearly not. The ratio chart as well finally has broken over this weekly stairst step. There so many um days uh weeks I should say of downward pressure. And in hindsight, I should have been looking at this chart more closely when I set up that trade zone um with the ETHUSD uh chart because well, this was already a lot of extension into the space. So, uh apologies for not having looked at that sooner, but um is what it is. We're not perfect and I definitely make mistakes, but that's why we set our risk, right? So, um that's pretty much it. I honestly don't apologize, right? That's trading, baby. But anyways, uh at this point now it is pretty reasonable to flip this uh situation here and then look for a buy, right? Because if we are going to find acceptance and set higher lows, then what these uh buyers should look to get done is to affirm this breakout over over 1874.48. As long as that's the case, then these buyers are doing just fine. Additionally, they should look to defend this structure over here, which is what contain all of this balance, right? So essentially we should be looking for the potential of us to continue doing all of this. Would not be surprised if these buyers run into some problems somewhere before this fella over here the high of this structure at 2820.86 would not be surprised by that. And if we do happen to pull back and look for this higher low and set this higher low is being kind of weird then and if we hold this area these buyers should be trying to get back to here. I've been letting him do whatever he wants ever since he's not feeling well. So now he's in my uh mouse and keyboard space. Just make an adjustment there for you. Um so that is pretty much it for uh Ethereum. And if anybody out there has a cat with this hyperthesia quality hyperthesia syndrome and you have something that works well, please let me know in the comments below. This is now the third day where he's having these episodes and I don't think he's supposed to be that long. So, it is very worrisome for us. Um, all right. So, anyways, moving on to uh UR finally. URA I really wouldn't adjust make any adjustments to this whatsoever. It's still a very reasonable trade zone in my opinion. This is now so much follow through back over this uh range over here that we probably we're probably looking at decent chance of that if we just continue to do this kind of a price action uh over here. I promise you I'm not just doing something weird over here. He is um right here on the table. Okay, I'm sorry. Sorry. Um he is just hanging out here. Um so that's uh really it. I would I wouldn't make any adjustments to this. If we do reject from all this supply over here, then it would make a lot of sense for these buyers to look to defend the highs of this breakout point, get back to trying to affirm this breakout just like they did over here, over here, over here. So, that is it. I just got one uh trade review thingy for this week, and that's just to affirm this concept of um right stops over tight stops. So, I've been kind of conservative. Uh, last week was pretty choppy, up and down, floating around, break even for pretty much the entire week, but it could have been a much better week had I um applied this concept more effectively, which is right stops over tight stops. Now, I did have um reasoning for that, right? I did kind of start laying out the trade um thinking that I was going to be kind of protective with gains. Um but I still think that it was a bit of an error to even think that way. So, you know, I want to call things uh I want to call things for what they are and not make uh any excuses for you know any errors. I do consider this um an error and the concept of a right stop over tide stop is just that like you want your stops to be at places uh that are have structure there right you want your to be in the trade and until the thesis of the trade is negated and there were some other things going on my trading view sync is not working properly so it's like yeah it wasn't synced up properly so whenever things my tools start getting a little janky I also get a little bit more skeved out and be more conservative but Still, you call it for what it is. Ultimately, it was an error. So, um we'll just break that down. So, uh I said I was at 11:16. I was open to a bottom fish of the local lows. I didn't see followrough. If we see a pop and uh if we see a pop here see a pop and uh if we see a pop here see a pop and uh if we see a pop here and then retrace and this is already after a stop. I already tried making a play here. I just, you know, didn't I want to try to keep these videos a little bit shorter because they've been kind of longer recently. Um and that was on the seventh over here. And so I had already made a play trying to buy this pass back over essentially bottom fishing off of the value area low of the May 6 section session because I know that as long as we're holding over this guy from the May 6 session then we're just looking at balance from the buyers and the May 6 session looks like this. Oops, May 6 was here, right? So I know that we have not negated this daily breakout point. I know additionally that you know if we are if we opened up within yesterday's range in value and then we also rejected the opening uh open over here was a pop and drop at the prior session's value area high. So the odds of us seeing further balance now are pretty good, right? Because again this was a miss of a key daily breakout level, right? And then uh we rejected from the value area high of the prior session. And so and then we dumped right to the lows to the value area low. So we had short-term extension. And so if we were going to and this is FOMC day and so if we were going to continue to see further balance, a lack of change into the FOMC reaction, then they should look to defend the value area low. We should not see acceptance below it. We could break below it, but we shouldn't see acceptance below it. So, that was my thesis for the first trade. And I didn't include it because it's not really that big of a deal. It was just a full stop. Let me see for the seventh here. Um, it's probably just like this break here, I think. Probably just this guy. And, uh, stopped it out. No bigs. Um, and then at 11 uh 16, I was talking about it over here. So, 11:16 is over here. So, uh, I think I actually bought this one and then stopped it out. And then at 11:16, I see this move back up and I think, okay, well, if we come back and back test this low, right, back test this low over here that didn't see follow-through. This is the breakdown of this low, right? This breakdown over here under this low. If we don't see follow-through, pop back above. I'll look to bottom fish it, right? So, that's what I did. Um, bottom fished it. And then at 117, I tried it off the low. So, I forget. So, over here, I did it on this back test. bought it off the low and then the stop was just under the low here. If the market gives me uh chop, I say if the market gives me chop um under 33 points. Oh, I was looking for a target under 33.75 and 33.75 was just this high over here, right? So, I'm thinking, okay, well, if we're going to lower low here, not see follow through under this guy and then hold it, the buyer should try to get back to this um local high at the bare minimum, right? And then if we pop over this high, you know, there should be kind of squeezy action over this. It really wasn't terribly squeezy. But the thing with balance plays is that they very often make you wait because what is balance? Balance is indecision. What does indecision translate into technically on the chart? Translates into chop. And so if you're taking responsive trade at the extremes of range, it is appropriate, but obviously you're in a choppy environment or why would you be taking responsive trade? That's just the nature of it, right? And so very often it makes you wait and it that it did that it did for quite some time. Um, I had to wait how many uh let's see here uh almost 30 minutes just to get this first exit which is like only 10 points or so of an exit. But I'm just thinking through right so this I guess this is important as well thinking through the entirety of the trade as well just so I can be prepared set my expectations appropriately here. So I'm saying okay if I get the exit under 33.75 I'll look for the other exit and then walk up the stop to under the low that didn't see followrough which is over here. And then if I get a full stop here, I'm just going to pause until FOMC because that would have been two full stops. Um, pretty much straight shot from the supply higher day. So, there should be a decent pop of over the local sideways. I'm talking about this. And, you know, really didn't do that so well at all. Finally, at 11:40, I kept that shot. Then, I walked the stop to under the leg agency followrough, which is just over here. Um, and the daytime frame buyer took the squeeze, whatever, it doesn't matter. And then if stalling at the open, I said I'll walk my stop up to the PDC and walk away with a taco. Worst case scenario. And um that's over here. The open was over here on that day, right? And so I'm saying, "All right, well, if we get to the open, then, you know, I'll look to uh chop it up, right? If we start stalling at the open, I'll look to walk it up." And then I realized my overnight lows, they didn't match. So one chart had an O and L that wasn't correct. Um so I didn't know what that was, and I I know I checked during the morning rundown because something similar to this happened in the, you know, prior session or whatever. And so I ended up just walking the stop up to the prior day's close, which uh should be here, I guess. So, just a slight walk and then um looking for another exit under the Y pock and I got to stop at the I don't I pock and I got to stop at the I don't I pock and I got to stop at the I don't I don't think the PDC was there actually. Sometimes it's like not uh the the published closing price is not always the last price on the chart. You have to go to the CME website for that. And then um eventually I took the rest off at 11:48. So that's just on this uh move back down on this uh selling candle. I forget where I walked it up to. Wherever the PDC was, just exited it. So, you know, whatever small win on the session, you're out for a taco, as Dan would say. And then, uh, I thought I made a hang on a second here. I should have There was another comment said, "Would not be surprised." I should have said, "Would not be surprised if it gets to the yesterday's point of control um before." Okay. I said, "Wouldn't be surprised." Um, yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if it gets to uh white pot tag before a low of day, but I'm okay with prioritizing protection and shopping environment. And it did do that. And so that's why I say ah I played myself right. I walked my stop too tight too tightly I should say. Um because it did eventually get to the target that I was looking for over here at the point of control, yesterday's point of control. And if I had left my stop just under here, right, in the I didn't even walk it if I didn't walk it up at all, uh, under the low of day, I should say, or even if I walked it under this low with a little bit of wiggle room here, because I don't think it broke by much at all, just one tick. Usually, I would have more wiggle room to survive in one take. Um, so, um, yeah, it we do get there eventually, right? But it takes so much time. So, it's a matter of like what you prioritize. It takes us um like 90 minutes almost to to get there. 90 minutes. So, you know, um it's still an error. It is what it is. I would consider this an error. Had I just had it at the right stop, not the tight stop, I would have made away with much more than like I don't know, whatever it was, like four points on the day or whatever. Um and I know that four US points for a lot of folks is still a solid day, but it's like pretty much a I don't even I don't even consider that a win, you know, because There are plenty of sessions where I'll be down that much, right? So, it doesn't even matter. Um, anyway, so that's it. So, I just called it out. Um, I played myself. It was an error. And balance plays can be tricky because they make you, you know, uh, wait very often time. So, that is, uh, that's pretty much it, my friends. So, um, appreciate you all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. If you are interested in um joining a group of full-time traders where we talk about trading, concepts of trading, sometimes I just shoot the ship because it's, you know, a slow choppy week, which I which it was uh last week and we had a lot of fun just hanging out in the room. Um if you're interested in joining group of traders like that, then check out our chat room. Links in description below. So is a link uh for the swing report if you're interested in that. Otherwise, I hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see yall next time. Farewell. What's up, Mr.