============================================================
Video: BVAcvN0-KxQ
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Markets Monthly Consolidation
Date: 2025-11-22
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7280
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:31.021493
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We had a wild past week. Nvidia earnings, we had a bullish initial reaction, rug pull, big dump Thursday, fear is back. We've got waffling back and forth between whether we're going to get a rate cut or not in early December. Solid bounce on Friday. Where do we stand? The pictures between shorter term time frames and longerterm time frames are certainly very different. We're going to talk about where there's relative strength and weakness and rotation, all that fun stuff. Let's get to it real quick. We've got our Black Friday deal for the check guys going over the next week. We've got discounts on membership which gives access to our chat room community and daily live streams. The six-month plan comes included with a free miniourse that I just finished making on risk management and stop- losses. We've got 20% off our courses, the entries and exits course, definitely the most comprehensive that we have in terms of understanding the essential aspects of trading and technical analysis and 20% off indicators as well. I've been using the super stack a lot more. Just made an entry on Bitcoin with it. We'll talk a bit about that in this video. Check it out. Link in the comments. Hope to see you there. All right. So, starting on the weekly time frames, we can say things are shifting a bit. We've seen it this past week. We knew the first confirmed daily downtrend for the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ on the futures chart tells us, okay, things are different from what they have been over the last six months. We need to pump the brakes, pause a little bit because the market environment is shifting. And again, one of the hallmark mistakes of a newer trader is trying to do the same thing. Trade the same way, use the same strategies in different market conditions. Something that works extremely well in a raging bull market is going to work very poorly during periods of consolidation. And we know that markets are constantly cycling between these different phases of expansion, contraction, and we have to recognize when things are shifting. So things are shifting again. First confirmed daily downtrend in over 6 months. That gets our attention. Weekly EMA 12, losing it for the first time in six months. The way I view the market is we just went straight up for seven months. So whenever you're talking about the market, you know, is the market bullish or bearish? That question means nothing to me because my answer is different on the daily chart than it is on the monthly chart. We had some fear this past week on the daily chart. Most notably because Nvidia had a a bullish earnings reaction. Initially everybody says, "Ah, we're fine. AI is fine. You know, bulls are back in control and then it was a rug pull with an allout dump on Thursday and then that spiked fear big time in the short term. So yeah, there's some fear on the daily chart, but you look at the monthly chart, there is absolutely nothing bearish about this monthly chart at this point. The only bearish thing about the monthly chart on the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ is we're extended to the upside, which is not really a bearish thing. Uh, but it tells us to expect monthly consolidation. If you look back at the last 10 years, 10 years, and say the biggest stretches of green months in a row, you'll find that the majority of the biggest green stretches are five to seven months. We just had seven green months in a row, at least on Spy and Kikq, maybe futures was only six, but we know monthly consolidation is inevitable. Two months ago, I dug up a post that I made in our ago, I dug up a post that I made in our ago, I dug up a post that I made in our chat room where two months ago, September 18th, I said, you know, there's still some short-term opportunities. I was talking about an OQ bull trade that went well, but I'm not going to be comfortable with longerterm bull swing entries until it's looking for the monthly higher low. It then took another two months before the monthly consolidation began. So, I have to have this monthly consolidation knowing it's inevitable if I'm going to be confident in new longerterm swing entries. I'm in no rush to grab them, but this is normal and just can't highlight that enough. how there is nothing unusual with the current price action. This is very overdue. And so we look at the retracement size on the monthly time frame. Face is too big. Retracement size on the monthly time frame. Look at how little we have retraced of this move. And if we measure, you know, what would it take just to get to 382 retracement, which would be a monthly bull flag still possible? We would need to drop 6 and a.5% on the S&amp;P 500 from where we closed this week, just to get to 382 retracement and a back test of the previous all-time high as support. So, yes, things are shifting into consolidation. Yes, there's a little bit of fear out there, but is there any red flag on the longer term time frame? The answer is no. Not even close. And what the again we talk about check marks. So what are the bare check marks? Confirm the first daily downtrend in six months. Okay, bears have done that. That's notable. That's significant in the short term. What's their next check mark? Okay, here's the weekly chart. We lost the weekly uptrend. We lost weekly EMA 12. We're going to have to confirm a weekly downtrend at some point. Whenever the next weekly bounce takes place, we'll need that lower high and lower low for another check mark into further monthly consolidation. When's the last time the market has seen a confirmed weekly downtrend? Not since the Trump tariff dump. Another thing I'm watching for, what's keeping my mindset, we're going to look back at Thursday here just a little bit, but again, this is forward looking right now. I'm always prepared for another leg down in anything that I'm doing right now. Why? Because we haven't hit daily oversold conditions yet. And generally speaking, when you're in a a monthly uptrend, when monthly consolidation begins, you look for daily oversold conditions. Those are how the time frames align. Just like if I'm looking, you know, we're in a a strong uptrend. I'm looking for a daily high or low. My first question is zoom into the hourly. Have we hit hourly oversold yet? Because when we get to hourly oversold, that's when I start watching for an entry. Because if we're going to stay in a strong uptrend, hourly oversold will mark the daily higher low. That's our back burner. Well, if we're going to stay in a strong monthly uptrend in the market, daily oversold will mark a monthly higher low. And if we look back at the last few times that we've hit daily oversold in the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ, of course, it was the Trump tariff dump where we saw another significant leg down. So that's not a good example. But the other two examples were August 2024 and April 2024. Daily oversold marked the monthly higher low. Daily oversold marked the monthly higher low. So two out of the last three times and even here you know we got daily oversold it it was a bare flag but it was a big enough bounce to at least position and then once we hit a new low from there we say okay things are different. Uh but two out of the last three times that has marked a monthly higher low. So I'm watching for the possibility again doesn't have to happen. We don't have to get to daily oversold. If we don't, it's very very brief consolidation. But if we do and if the monthly is going to stay strong and if the monthly is going to be a bull flag, we'll watch for the possibility that monthly oversold marks a daily higher low. No, the daily oversold marks a monthly higher low. If I was also observing just how similar October 10th sucker punch day, we remember that was to Thursday. If you look at the S&amp;P 500, the NASDAQ's even more so, the the high of the day to the low of the day, look at how close we are here. 4.84% drop from the high of the day to the low of the day. This past Thursday, 4.89. It's a difference. The volume's almost the same. It's a difference of 0.05% 05% of, you know, they're coming from a little bit of a different point on the daily trend when it happened, but extremely similar ranges on the day and how things uh played out that day. And so that was just a little observation. Not much insight from that, but again, we're in a downtrend. We're in a daily downtrend and a monthly uptrend. Do you care more about the long-term monthly uptrends? If you're an investor, if you're a longer term swing trader, that's what you care about. If you're a day trader, if you're a short-term swing trader, you care about the daily downtrend. And so, just looking back at how Thursday played out, uh, I fortunately wasn't faked out. Too bad. And the reason was we rejected right from right under daily resistance. If you look at the NASDAQ, this was our daily lower high. So, a little bounce trying to hold support, bear break. We got right up to that level and rejected. S&amp;P 500 daily lower high. We got right up to it and rejected. So I was heading into that morning saying the key levels for me KQ 650. What I did is I looked at the futures chart. Okay, what time did we hit those highs? All right, 3 4 a.m. So then I align that with SPY and KQ. What were the levels on SPY and KQ at that point in time and marked them out. And so if you look at just how close both of them rejected less than a dollar. So did I expect to reject and freef fall? Absolutely not. But the rejection wasn't surprising at all. So spy 67624 is the key level for me because that's the daily lower high. We got up to 67556. So 70 cents away. Double topped. We double topped at that level. So, from that point, when did things get serious? And full disclosure, I stopped out a short I stopped out an SQ position right at the high of the day because we hit a new high. I had a pretty tight stop. I said, "All right, I'm going to make an attempt uh to to, you know, grab a bearish position and too tight a stop." That that's my takeaway. The mistakes I made this week and it ended up fine on the week because I've been talking about how, you know, cash is okay. Hey, cash is your friend. Don't fear being in cash. I've been stopping out a lot of my swing positions. I I call it organically raising cash in that way as I walk up stops and stop out. So, I've had I've got the most cash in my IRA before the big dump Thursday than I've had in the last six months because I know monthly consolidation is inevitable and I don't want to be fully loaded as the monthly pullback starts. So, I got faked out here uh and my stops are too tight on my bearish positions. And one thing to note with that, I'm going to pull up a a quote here from Market Wizard's book, the first one. And this is oh, I forget his name. Brett Cner, Bruce Cner, one of those two. Uh, but he was talking about the first bare commodity market that he ever saw and how he made big mistakes in it. This was back in the 80s. Uh, but was it a matter of becoming complacent about markets always being an uptrend? He said no. The problem was that the principal characteristics of a bare market a is very sharp down movements Thursday followed by quick retracements. And this was something in 2022 that I noticed. The bounces that you get in bare markets are very significant. And so if you're holding a bare position through those bounces, it's very painful. You're giving back a ton of profit. And he would always sell too late. So he would sell his shorts after a monster quick bounce took place and then he'd get stopped out in what subsequently proved to be part of a wide swinging congestion pattern. In a bare market, you have to use sharp counter trend rallies to enter positions. So you have to use the big bounces, Thursday being a good example, big bounce to enter bearish. So I tried and I failed. My stop was too tight. Uh so lesson there for sure but I did get this 15 minute lower high and ended up green on the day because of this day trade. You know IRA was a bit red on Thursday day trade account a bit green overall a bit green and I got this 15-minute lower high. Why? Because a 15-minute lower high was the most likely scenario. Uh but also we got our flashing indicator in the chat room here. QQ XLF XLV all within 0.02% of the low of the day. So this is an automatic thing that tells us as you know if you've watched these videos I've talked many times it's very meaningful to us when all major sectors are hitting lows together. There's no rotation going on. There's money leaving the market. It doesn't happen very often and it's it's a significant signal for me. And so after we got that at 11:38, granted the dump's already well underway. So I don't just rush and act on that information, but that information happened right here. And there was a bunch more downside shortterm, but that information changes my mindset for the day. Okay, I'm not going to focus looking long. I'm going to scout the lower highs and enter short. And so I got that 15-minute lower high just by using our time frames. If I'm looking for a 15-minute lower high, what time frame am I zoomed into? The two-minut. Because a two-minut uptrend changing to a downtrend, generally speaking, will mark the 15-minute lower high. And so, at 117 that day, aggressive bears are watching for a spot to say that is the 15minute lower high or I'm wrong. And the other takeaway from that is every trade needs a clear invalidation level. No scaling in. Thursday is what I call an anomaly day. I can trade I can day trade my way out of 95% of trades with no stop-loss. The reason I use a stop-loss on every trade is because of the 1% 2% whatever anomaly days where it can work 98 out of 100 days trading without a stop-loss, scaling in, scaling out, maneuvering, very confident in my abilities to do that. But the anomaly days will cause you to give back two months of gains in one day. And so that's why you use a stop on every trade. So every trade needs a clear invalidation level. We can't just be scaling in because if that's your mindset, somebody started scaling in here and then they added here and then they added here and they did so because the five and the 15minute RSI were crushed. Meanwhile, another thing I said was, "Yes, short-term RSI levels crushed, but none of the longer term RSI levels are even oversold." Because when you're coming from strength into an all-out dump, it can get ugly. Number one, if you don't build supports on the way up, but number two, even on this dump, as the fiveminute RSI is single digits, the hourly RSI is not even oversold. And so, I always keep that in the back of my mind to say it can always keep dropping. So, if you were scaling in without a clear invalidation point, if your reason for scaling into a long entry here is short-term RSI is over crushed. Okay, short-term RSI is still over still crushed. It's still crushed. There's no invalidation point. It can just stay crushed. Then we get a weak bounce. Okay, finally. I'll sell when I get back to break even. Didn't get there. You got more red. Okay, please put in a bottom. You got more red. Huge loss on the day. If you're scaling in, you got to have the clear invalidation point. I tried to play a bounce or two on this dump. I stopped out a Tesla bounce break even because I make an entry. We get a little two-minute bounce to two-minute EMA 12. I see the two-minute EMA 12 is driving the price down on every bounce attempt. So, I sell partial at two-minute EMA 12 to stay protective. Here's a two-minute EMA 12 driver. Uh, and then I stop out break even. now. Okay. So, anyways, I entered bearish at 15 minute lower high. I'm going off on some tangents here, but uh bears are hoping. Let's zoom into this price action. So, this was the bounce. Bears are hoping these are twominut lower highs to confirm two-minute downtrends. And that's where I entered SQQQ. So, there's a big enough drop to scout a two-minute lower high. Now, we got a two-minute equilibrium. As soon as that breaks bear, 15-minute lower high is set. Stop goes over there. My thesis is that's either the 15-minute lower high into continued downtrend action or I'm wrong. And fortunately, it was right. And so that was a solid bare trade. Uh sold half into the close, kept half. Uh and I do still have some of that just because I've got some profit cushion on it and I'm not sure if we're getting another leg down. 4 hour time frame. You know, it's possible we had a nice bounce Friday, but four hour time frame may just set another lower high and we may get back down and test those supports on Monday. I don't know. And again, in the back of my mind, we can always see another leg down to get to daily oversold. All right, so that's a little bit look into the what we're expecting this week and into the past. Daily downtrend, 4hour downtrends are my short-term guides. Monthly uptrend is my long-term guide. semiconductors. So, huge bear engulfing day. Decent bounce again. Same thing. Let's go to the monthly to get all the context. It's just not even close to being any red flag on the monthly chart. Lose this back test of previous resistance as support and then there's your red flag. Hold that extremely strong monthly chart. So, we got to keep that context in the back of our minds. Can the bears confirm a weekly downtrend for the first time during that entire move? That's the next big check mark for the bears to confirm because again, the the 2022 bare market started with weekly downtrends confirming. Let's go back here. When's the last time we confirmed a weekly downtrend with a lower high and lower low? We didn't do it this entire run. We lost the uptrend, didn't confirm the downtrend, and then we did here, the top of 2021, bull flag attempt, lower high, lower low. That was your first weekly lower high and lower low on SMH and probably the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500 in first time in so March 2020. So you're talking 19 months of that not happening and then it happened and then we were bearish the entire next year. So is that about to happen again? I have no idea. But that is a time frame that I'm watching and that's going to be important to me whether or not weekly downtrends confirm. You'll notice what I haven't done at all so far in this video. It's going to be a long haven't predicted anything. I know what I'm watching for to give me clues, to give me probabilities, but it's still just one day at a time. And we got to be watching the FOMC. Part of the volatility this week was the drastic flip-flopping of market anticipations for the next FOMC. Are we getting a 25 basis point rate cut or not? It's going to be a volatile FOMC reaction early December. The most volatile FOMC reactions are when the market doesn't know what's coming. And the vast majority of the time, the market knows what's coming. And the volatility is at 2:30 p.m. when Powell starts speaking to give forward-looking statements that the market is then pricing. But we're heading into December not knowing what's coming. The Fed doesn't have enough data because the government shutdown yada yada. But look at this probability. This is call sheet. First of all, I think that the what is happening with betting on everything is not a good thing for society. I think it's extremely detrimental to the younger generations. Uh I've I've already I was sitting at a minor league baseball game listening to a 20-year-old next to me telling his friend that he liquidated his entire IRA to bet the under on an MLB game or whatever stupid thing it was. Uh I think it's terrible. I think the way that they are the I watched thousands of sports games growing up. If I was bombarded every time I watched a sports game with sponsors for sports betting, it could have massively detr Anyways, that's my rant, but it does give us information. Are the Feds going to cut in December? You got to look at the volume on what is being bet. If this said $12,000, it would be meaningless. That's not enough money to mean anything. 12 million. Okay, this is meaningful. Uh look at the flip-flop here. we at at noon on November 19th, which is that Thursday. Let me just double check my dates. Yeah. No, Wednesday. Good thing I did. So, Wednesday, midday, the probability is pretty much 50/50 with a tiny lead towards we're going to get another cut early December. Then things massively shifted into the evening of Wednesday, and that was that we're not going to get a cut. 70 to 30 6931 that we're not going to get a cut. And so then Thursday the market's dumping saying we're not getting a cut in early December. Then the bounce on Friday, I forget who it was on the Fed said h maybe we will cut in the short term or whatever. Bent, I don't know who it was. I don't care. But said something 7 am 7:30 a.m. on the dot instantly impacted to completely flip-flop. Now we're back to 65 60% that a rate cut is coming. The market has no idea to be able to flip-flop that fast. The market has no idea what's coming on FOMC day, December 9th. Double check my date. But it's going to be volatile. We know that much. Okay. SMH. So NVDA earnings again, you know, anytime the price is going to go down, you're going to see an increase in posts about fraud, accounting fraud, scam, pyramid scheme. Uh maybe there are concerns that, you know, you give money to OpenAI and OpenAI, you know, it's just this contained money sloshing around. Sure, I don't care at all. You know, you know me, I don't care at all about this fundamental backdrop. The chart's going to tell me what I need to know. But just know that the way that emotions work is if price action is going down, more people are going to click the Twitter posts and the articles that are talking about fearinducing headlines. I've been reading the same questionable, you know, scam accounting, whatever. Sub 100. I was reading about that probably during the other downturns. people were posting about that here and here. Again, I don't care. You're going to find people that say, "Yeah, it's a scam." And you're going to find tons of people that say, "Those people are fools." Uh there's no edge to be had looking around on social media. It's just, you know, if we're at all-time highs, nobody's going to be clicking those articles. If we're dropping down, people are going to click the articles. That's the way society works. Just be aware of that. Uh as far as where do we stand on the chart here, we are shifting things a bit. We are weakening a bit. Monthly chart, I'm looking down at 16407 as a key support level. Again, what's our retracement size from these lows? Still monthly bull flag territory. But I'm also aware this is the six-month chart. We're going to see six-month consolidation in this chart eventually, and that's going to be when we're in the next bare market in the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. and we're going to pull back and look for a six-month higher low and we'll be down 30% plus from the all-time highs. Again, just just a thought exercise. I'm putting myself into the future knowing this is going to happen. This is what it's how the impact it's going to have on the broader market. Uh and then I'm just watching for the signs that increase or decrease the probability needle. Is that happening now or are we going to see uptrend continuation? And the monthly chart is my longer term gauge for that. Again, same thing. Can we confirm a weekly downtrend? That's going to be on the table. One thing I'm watching for is rotation from NVDA to Google. As we know, Buffett bought Google. Remember just how recently Google was the lead tech bear during this period to start the year. Lead tech bear, not doing anything. I mean, we weren't doing anything for the bulls all the way to July, August. At that same point in time, you know, KQ, here's May. KikQ is Vshape and fully recovered by June. And so, here's June, July, new all-time highs ripping. And Google is still not close to that all-time high. So, just how quickly sentiment shifts. I mean, Meta did the same thing. Remember when Meta was 100 and earnings and it's, you know, is Meta going to be around? And then it goes 800% over the next three years. Uh these large cap names that are the dog very quickly shift to the darling. Buffett buying certainly helps. Uh just glaring relative strength. Look at Google. Google had the highest close ever in its history on Friday. Even Thursday was one of one, you know, top five highest close ever. So the Buffett narrative is definitely helping. uh you know the mindset going along with price action that this is going to be the one of the AI winners and uh anyways watch Google divided by NVDA on the monthly time frame because we are testing the strongest it's been in terms of relative strength in a year and a half. There is a shift underway and I'm watching for potential long-term rotation from NVDA into Google. Google didn't even hit hourly oversold on that dump Thursday. So, there's tons of relative strength in Google. I'm just watching to see how long does that continue. Uh, it is now the darling in a strong weekly uptrend and it will be notable to me if we see any kind of meaningful weakness in Google. I'll believe the broader market bears more. But the way I'm viewing things is just a pass passing of the torch from NVDA to Google to a certain degree. Like, hey, now now you take the the NASDAQ higher. I don't know. We'll see how that plays out. But just something I'm observing and being aware of. XLF XLF for the past six weeks, eight weeks has two months, three months, whatever, hasn't been choosing a side. It's been healthcare massive rotation lead bull. We talked about potential C Q4 healthcare rotation. LLY showed us that. Uh, and that's been going on big time. Tech semiconductor weakness. XLF, nope. XLV, healthcare, XBI, biotech, massive strength. We'll look at them in just a moment. XLF hasn't picked a side. It's been chopping around. I've been waiting. XLF, where you going? Are you joining team bear or you joining team bull? Because it hasn't been a factor for three months. It's on the verge of joining team bear. I was watching this potential two week head and shoulders left shoulder head right shoulder the weakness Thursday or this past week we broke the right neckline and we're trying to break the neck the left neckline but we haven't yet. So the bears got a little check mark but they need more. So this was the left. Now we're on the daily chart. This was the right neckline support zone. Look at all these holds. We fell through it. So now we're going to the left neckline and it's this support zone with all these holds. And there is a gap fill down at 5084 to be watching. This is the bulls attempting to hold the left neckline. Daily inside bar Friday. How XL. Again, I don't trade XLF much at all. maybe once every few months, but its impact for my broader market analysis is going to be meaningful into the end of the year. Does this daily inside bar break bull and we go right back to the middle of the range and it's right back to not giving us much information or do we follow through with that further monthly consolidation? It's already underway. It was one of the first major sectors to start it again. Same deal. Do your retracement from that low. Are there any red flags here on the monthly? No, not yet. But I'm watching. Are you going to meaningfully join team bear? Lose 51 support. Break the left neckline. Whose team you on? Uh because it's it's on the fence. It's not picking a team. It's close to joining team bear. We'll see. XLV just monster bull. Look at this hold of support. This is the daily chart. Daily bull flag confirms. You just know there's a big fat order institution, whoever is sitting on this level. 15119, 15114, 15115, 15112. Four out of five days, the low of the day is within 7 range on a $150 instrument. That is minuscule. It's the same level. And the bulls held it, held it, held it, held it, and now we get another leg up. Bull flag confirmed. XLV has seen massive rotation over the last few weeks and is now looking up towards that all-time high. On Friday, we hit 15571. We are a few percent away from the all-time high. So again, it's hard for me to get if I'm going to be bearish, the broader market. I need all major sectors dropping together, money leaving the market. There's clearly money going into XLV. There's clearly money going into XBI. Look at this biotech sector move. The biotech sector came down to a monster support zone. This is the the long-term support zone. We're going back to 2018. So, seven years, one, two, three, four, and just recently in April, we dropped down. We got within 6% or so of that level and then a complete Vshape and getting us to the highest level in years in the biotech sector. Just massive strong rotation, relative strength galore. One of the mistakes I made this year, I had a moment where I'm either entering IWM long or XBI long and it was somewhere back here and I chose IWM and it made money but it was a wrong choice. It's the way it goes. So money is going into other sectors. XLE recently had a little bit of strength. Not meaningful watching that wall. But again, I care about the big three. Well, it's tech and semiconductors, but it's QQQ XLF XLV. We got our bulls. The bull XLV bulls are not going to offset semiconductor bears. Why? The holdings, the weight. There's so much weight in NVDA and these big tech names, Amazon, Apple, there's so much weight in those names that, you know, you can have XLV up 3% on the day. SMH down 1% is probably going to offset that in terms of impact on the S&amp;P 500. But again, I'm watching the rotation and the more major sectors that are seeing strength, uh, the more the monthly consolidation is going to be just fine. Long story short, I need bears to keep proving things. Weekly downtrend confirming is the next big one. IWM big bounce day on Friday. Stood out. Again, IWM's probably going to be the most responsive to the rate cut. Again, just huge dump. We're not getting a rate cut in December. We're getting a rate cut in December. So, it's going to be the most sensitive. Wait, wait for the volatility that you see in early December on IWM as we get uh the FOMC reaction. Again, weakness definitely it has a habit of breaking all-time highs with no follow through. We broke the all-time high. Well, that was a double top, but huge dump. Now we're breaking it. Not a ton of follow through. Is this a longer term rising wedge? I don't know. Anyways, keep an eye on IWM for that reaction. All right, IQ. So, I'm starting to get interested in quantum again. And I love looking at these quantum charts because this is my biggest mistake of 2025. Uh, and there's so many lessons in there. Again, I was right and I didn't make the money that I should have. I was right. Looking for a long-term top, looking for a 30% plus draw down. We're now at 50% draw downs very quickly in less than two months. But right and early have to align or right and on time have to align or it doesn't matter if you're right. And so I was right. I did a good job of exiting my longs. I can give myself a little credit there. Average exit was in, you know, again, I was in in 42. Average exit was mid to upper uh 60s because I scaled out. 50s, 60s, 80 is how I scaled out. did a good job exiting long, but I was three days early. If I had started shorting three days later versus when I did, it's the difference between not making money, maybe even losing a little bit of money and having a huge win. And that's just the way it goes. I learned a bunch of lessons. Wait for the top, get aggressive on the downside versus trying to nail it on the way up, yada yada. But NQ came within 0.1% of hitting first daily oversold conditions from all-time highs. That gets me interested. Daily EMA 12 rider very clear guide, but daily oversold looking for a monthly higher low. Also, the fact that we haven't confirmed a weekly downtrend. If we had already confirmed a weekly downtrend, I would be less interested than I am now. This is a weekly stairstep drop. This is the sector leader drop of 55% back testing this zone, this monster price action zone. I should say just a monster is the wrong word. The the long-term zone that held held held held. We're testing and holding it again initially. I'm interested. I'm interested for a weekly bounce and then a weekly lower high. Bears are waiting for a weekly lower high. Bulls are watching for the weekly bounce. So, step one, we confirmed an hourly uptrend on Friday. Step two, get over daily EMA 12. Step three, confirm a daily uptrend. We're not going to see quantum names get any kind of confidence in a bounce without the fear of the NASDAQ being alleviated. The NASDAQ has to be bouncing on the weekly as well. But RGTI, same thing. Weekly stairstep drop, drop of 64%. And this isn't the first time. remember back here drop a 72% into continuation. I don't think we're getting continuation top and quantum is in for a long time unless you get a miracle breakthrough. Uh but doesn't mean you can't get even if we bounce to even if we weekly bare flag on RGTI to 32 that is a 50% bounce from the low to there. So that's why I have some interest but again it's got to be a clear statement. I'm waiting where I can say that's the weekly low into a bounce or I'm wrong and it's going to be a swing position. Uh but still a little bit patient. QBTS, same deal. OKLO, same deal. We know these have been trading very correlated. OKLO uranium, but if you're going to run thousand, if you're going to run 1 to 2,000% in 1 to two years, you are going to pull back 50% at some point. It's inevitable. There's a 60% pullback on OKLO. No weekly downtrend yet. Just keep that in the back of your mind because what gets newer traders in trouble inves parabolic run being bought is say, "I don't need a stop-loss because every other time if I didn't stop out, it would have worked out." And then things shift and we're down 20% of alltime high from all-time high and somebody longs and we keep dropping and they don't have a stop loss. Well, I'll just wait till it recovers again because every other time, look at these last nine times and then it drops another 30%. Now you're down 30% because the parabolic run has topped and the inevitable 50% pullback takes place. If you got a position from a,000% ago and you want to sit through that long term, okay, that's fine. But you cannot talk yourself into bag holding something that has run that hard that fast dollar weekly bull flag trying to confirm key test here. Double top right at this resistance zone. Eventually we'll be looking for a monthly lower high. Maybe we won't call it a monthly lower high. Look at this pre it's previous support. Now it's resistance. This is a pretty important zone. Um, and so we'll see. Testing it now. Key support is now 99. And while that's happening, our metals keep tightening up. Speculated a tightening daily range was coming into at least next week. It's played out. Gold is going to break this daily range. If we bear break with no follow through again, whenever you see something resolve on one time frame, we're watching this daily equilibrium. When that resolves, you instantly zoom out. Okay, now what? If it resolves bearish, I'm going to be watching for the possibility that we form a weekly tightening range. I am increasing my probabilities for monthly consolidation. Why? Because we haven't seen monthly consolidation in gold in three, six, nine, almost a year. Bitcoin started monthly consolidation. S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ joined a few weeks later. both of that those events happening or really the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ starting monthly consolidation increases probabilities that metals can see monthly consolidation starting soon as well. So, how does that shift my mindset? I'm still just watching this tightening range. I've got a silver position. Real quick recap. Been in silver for a long, long time. It's my trade is based off the monthly time frame. I sold I had a really good sell of half of my position right near the top. I reloaded a quarter half of what I sold. So, a quarter of the full position in the 45s or right around 46. It was really good timing. But I'm going to keep a break even stop on this. Why? Because if I stop out, that means we're likely going to enter monthly consolidation. I will keep half of my position because the trade is based off monthly EMA 12 and a monthly higher low is the most likely scenario. And if I stop out, I'll be in a half position, sitting through monthly consolidation. And I will eventually add back my half position for a monthly higher low play. But I'm going to just stay a little bit protected because the probabilities of monthly consolidation have increased a bit. Silver did break daily bear. So we go to the weekly. Is this a weekly equilibrium shaping up? Can bears confirm the weekly downtrend? FOMC is going to have a major impact in the answer to that question. If we're tight into the FOMC, that's potentially a catalyst for a break. Oil, I don't know when I drew that, but looks like it's still potentially valid. Maybe last week's video. Anyways, we're in a daily downtrend. We have not yet set a weekly high or low. We have not yet confirmed a weekly uptrend. So, we're looking back at 5591 support. If that holds, we'll have a tightening weekly range. We're watching for the possibility of a tightening monthly range, but we can't set a monthly higher low unless we can confirm a weekly uptrend. So, again, I'm watching for oil to try and do something like this. But the burden's on bulls on the weekly chart. Natural gas, nice bounce following through. So, again, recently talked about got to be cautious that this isn't a megaphone. because we had a bull break, no follow-through, bear break, no follow through. And so the question was, is this a bull break with no follow-through? And I think it was this level where I said, if this holds, the answer is no. If this breaks, we need to be cautious. Let's go to UNNG. It was this level. If this holds, we don't got to be worried about a megaphone. If this breaks, we got to be worried about a megaphone. And it didn't break. So continuation bulls still keeping a daily uptrend at this point. Uh so nice job by the natural gas bulls putting in a bottom. They defended a support zone. Still have a lot of work to do longer term, but things have shifted. That was a nice inverse head and shoulders. Reminds me of the weekly inverse head and shoulders that I got back here. This was my best natural gas trade ever. Long and down here and doing a good job of exiting. That daily was pretty similar to that weekly. All right, I got to wrap this up. 40 minutes. Thanks for sticking along. Check out the Black Friday sales. Uh, okay. Wrap up. Do you care about the monthly? Do you care about the daily? Bears have control of 4hour and daily downtrends. Crypto. I did make an entry in Bitcoin. Forgot to talk about that. I'll talk about in the crypto stream next week. Super stack on the daily chart there. FOMC. Keep an eye on those probabilities.