============================================================
Video: d6bLOdud4Hk
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Time to Sell Metals?
Date: 2025-12-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6262
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:01.162541
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We had a shortened holiday week and I'm traveling for those holidays, but there's a market to check in on. So, let's do it. We've got a big silver move. I'm selling into this strength. I'll talk a bit more about that and we'll see where we stand with the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right, weekly time frame. So, the NASDAQ is a beautiful equilibrium at this point. We have the all-time high, the low that we pulled back to, our lower high, and now our higher low. So, as we know, if we keep forming these higher lows, the bulls don't have anything to worry about. We have other sectors that have been leading the way. I made a hypothesis that if the market's going to head back to all-time highs, it would be the financial sector that would lead this leg. And the reason that I had that thesis was we had been trading sideways for five months. the health care sector had taken over as a lead bull for a while and out of our three major sectors, it was the financial sector who had not been a leader for the longest period of time. So just said, I'm going to keep an eye out for that to be the case. And it ended up being the case as the financial sector has hit new all-time highs over the last three weeks. And so now I'm watching to see does the NASDAQ and the semiconductors get a turn of rotation back because as of this point during this twomonth plus period of consolidation we continue to see the ideal rotation that the bulls want to see. We had this pullback and I love when we get new pivot levels. What do I mean by that? It gives us things to structure trades around and know our risk. For example, on this bounce, there's no real support established on the way up. In terms of a trade thesis or in terms of, you know, my simple statement for analyzing the market, I've got no support level nearby. I have to go off of the level that we came from down here. And at that point in time, that level is a significant period away or a significant move to the downside. As I'm figuring out my buttons on the fly, bear with me. So, we needed to drop 8% to get back to where we came from. Then we had this pullback. We knew a higher low was the most likely scenario. And now we have a much closer level. Once this bounce started pretty much on this second green candle, that's now the must-hold level. And the simple statement is if this level of support, the bulls have complete control. And that was less than 3% away. So, a much more tangible level. And now we're testing resistance. And so the question for the week ahead, which is our last few trading days of 2025 and the start of 2026, is do we break this resistance to start this coming week or form a lower high and keep tightening up? And I'm definitely open to that lower high, which would look like this. Again, I'm just at this point smoothing this out in my brain so that the equilibrium is just looking like this. And if we pull back from this resistance, we're going to look for another higher low. And if that happens, then we know the first week, first full week of 2026 is going to be real important as far as dictating the direction that this breaks. And it's the semiconductors setting a weekly higher low. Same thing as far as the resistance is concerned. Daily stair step. Look at these stair steps on SMH. From here, we had a higher low every single day. Little tiny dinky break there, but hardly. Then we topped out. Lower high every single day. Now a higher low every single day. And so it's nice and clear in that regard. Same thing though. Do we break the all-time high or do we fail it and then just look for this? So if I'm looking to hedge or if I'm looking to be an aggressive bear this week ahead, I'm keeping my eye on the semiconductor and NASDAQ names for the same reason that I just mentioned. There's a level right nearby. I want to know if I'm wrong as soon as possible. There's an invalidation point for my thesis if I'm looking short. I'm personally not going to be looking short just yet, but if I were, that's what I'd be watching and making a a thesis based off of. So, NVDA is back to leading the way for the bulls with a very significant bounce against Stairstep 10% plus right off that low. It ended up being a double bottom down at 170 and so keeping an eye on that as well. So again, just quick summary of of where we have come from. Financial sector led the way up. So the S&amp;P 500 hit all-time highs. NASDAQ and semiconductors were consolidating during that period. NASDAQ and semiconductors set the pivot higher low and have been bouncing the last week plus. While that's been happening, the other sectors have been cooling off. Haven't really been dropping much. And we're watching to see the direction that the semiconductors and the NASDAQ break their tightening range. First question is, do we keep tightening up with a lower high for another week or so? And if we do, then we know it's a really important first week, first full week of 2026. So, S&amp;P 500 weekly higher low back up testing the all-time highs. Again, very strong here. We can see we already broke this resistance that is still present on the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500. If the NASDAQ or the NASDAQ and semiconductors, if the NASDAQ and semis pull back, the S&amp;P will pull back as well. There's a lot of space for a higher low. We have our clear pivot. Again, for me, the simple statement in both of these major indices is if this pivot is holding, I'm bullish. Lose it, then I'll shift my perspective, take a step back and reanalyze things and maybe we'll get a new level. You know, if we pull back for a few days and set a higher low and then the semis and the NASDAQ break, then we'll have a new level to be going off of where I can make that statement. But as we as we stand right now, it's all about that level for me. And I'm bullish if it's support. So again, the financial sector just really strong. Just bull flag after bull flag. Bull flag all time. Nope, that was an all-time high yet. Bull flag alltime high. Bull flag alltime high. So again, same deal. Just walk up your level. That's holding bulls in full control. If that's holding, bulls in full control. And that's exactly how I'm walking up a stop in my metals miners position, which we'll look at in just a moment. And I like it when it's nice and clear like that. Daily EMA 12 and financial sector nice and strong. And IWM has been benefiting from that as well. Not quite as strong. And again, I'm not really interested in IWM personally with how it trades, but uh I am interested in XLF for my view of the broader market. Just a heads up, I'm going to be doing a live stream on New Year's Day when the market is closed. Haven't I don't know the time yet. Probably like noon or something. Noon. New Year's Day long-term patterns video. I do those once a quarter these days. Zoomed out, checking in on things, major sectors, major patterns that I'm watching. Uh maybe we'll tie in a little year-end review into that, but that'll be posted on social media. Healthcare weekly higher low was set. Now we're just tightening up on the daily. Healthcare pretty much hasn't done anything for two weeks. So hasn't really been a factor. Remember watching these videos when I was saying the exact same thing about the financial sector. The financial sector is within this range. If we're not breaking this range, it's not a factor in my analysis of the broader market. I'm watching to see which team does it join. Does it join team bull or team bear? We got right down to support. We came really close to joining team bear. We held support. Bulls took over. It's clearly on team bull. So, watching XLV for the same thing. Got a little higher low pivot there. We're testing short-term resistance. Then it's back up to here. And I'm just watching, do we hit a new all-time high? This is a weekly bull flag after pretty much a double top at all-time highs. You know, could this be a bull flag or a cup and handle type of setup? I'm open to it. I would love to see my ideal scenario is give me all major sectors ripping into all-time highs Q1 2026 at the same time to then increase the probabilities of a potential blowoff top thesis. Um but that remains to be seen because it's still the rotation game. If it's the rotation game, it's nice and orderly. If everything's going up or going down together, it's more volatile. It's a faster, harder move. And that's what I'm watching for with the NASDAQ within a few if if everything's within a few percent of the all-time high, all the major sectors that I care about. Uh there's a possibility that they all get there together and it's a more forceful move. And so that's what I'm watching for. And it again, it may take weeks or even a couple months to develop, but I'm still watching this very healthy consolidation in healthcare right under pretty much a double top at the all-time high. Biotech sector has remained strong. It was a weekly bull flag with no followthrough. I had a a little short hedge position from this lower high. Guess I shouldn't call it a hedge position. It was just a short, but it was the only short trade that I had in an IRA of long trades. Uh, and ended up stopping out my remaining position when we got this new high here. But still holding strong for the biotech sector. And I've been watching still my UNH trade. It's a bit choppy, but we're right back in the middle of this range. 320 is support, 340, low 340 is resistance, and we're just chopping around here. And I'm either going to stop out or we're heading back to 400. Uh, so just patiently waiting on that. And of course, if the healthc care sector is a weekly bull flag and heads up to all-time highs, then UNH would very likely be benefiting significantly from that. Tesla. So Tesla on the weekly time frame. You just got to keep in mind that we just went uh significantly higher with no weekly consolidation 30% move. So watching for the possib possibility of a pullback and if we get it, we'll look for a weekly higher low to be the result of that. I am in a long swing position, but I did grab a bearish short in my day trading account. And there were a couple days to start this week where we had little five minute lower highs. This is the one where I grab this position. High of the day, low of the day. Lot of space. Five minute lower high. So if I just grab a short at 490, stick my stop over 492. It's not a whole lot of risk. Trim the position down from day trade size to now the same size as my swing position. uh why don't I just sell the swing position because I find it harder to re-enter a sold long swing position than to just exit my short. Uh so I'm still sitting in this short. If we can shape up a daily higher low, I will exit the short and look for the long to continue to benefit. But uh it's nice to be able to sit through this inevitable consolidation without any concern. Bulls definitely want to form the daily higher low early to start this week. We've been holding daily EMA 12 and that's been my guide on this swing trade, but there is also a gap down here at 46301. So, uh I'm definitely still bullish Tesla bigger picture. But my original trade thesis of the long, which I did trim some from in the 9490s, was if we lose daily EMA 12, I need to take a step back and reassess. But now that I have this short, that's not the case. Uh my mindset is just now, okay, when am I going to exit this short and then make a thesis for the remaining long position at that point, ideally with a new level to be going off of, a new uh key pivot point. So, inevitable consolidation, solid dump into the end of Friday and after hours following through with that a little bit. Maybe we gap down on Monday, but we're looking at the 465 466 range. And again, that gap filled 463. Uh, and just really just taking it one day at a time, but because of how I'm positioned now, don't really have to do a whole lot of thinking at the moment. So, I like that. But definitely still interested in Tesla as long as the longer term time frames are strong and as long as we have a proximity to all-time highs. One of the things I'm going to talk about in the long-term patterns video is themes uh, and stories that the market may be focused on in 2026. and robotics is definitely high on the list and Tesla is definitely a major part of that. As far as our risk on names and again the risk on grouping is quantum, rare earth, robotics, uh psychedelics, there's crypto, there's a whole group in there. Uh we had NQ double top at the bounce high by some pennies, six pennies, double top and now we're heading down to our support zone. So, a very key support zone at 4518 here. If that breaks, we're looking back at our recent low. But we're what's standing out to me is during this period of strength in the broader market over the last week plus semiconductors, etc. The risk on groupings are still weak. They had one good day. Their one really solid day across the board was Monday and then nothing but weakness since then. So again, this is the quantum version. QBTS is the strongest of the quantum names, but uh not immune to this drop. Big breakout. And this is why it's so important. I can't tell you how often I'll be watching, you know, Kikq testing its low of the day, intraday, and it breaks, but SMH holds its low of the day. So, I don't get faked out by that break because I know the bears aren't going anywhere on QQQ if SMH doesn't break its low of the day as well. That happened recently. And so it's the same thing with uh sector when you're looking at I got to be watching you if I'm trading QBTS I'm watching QBTS and NQ as the sector leader and then QQQ and measuring the relative strength or weakness compared to the NASDAQ. But if I see QBTS breaking bull and breaking out that's great but I'm looking at INQ and saying all right I'm only going to be comfortable it's full steam ahead for these names ifq is breaking resistance as well. And as soon as I see a double top and start to pull back and then I see a red day the next day, there's the red flags start. The red flags start before QBTS itself. If I'm only looking at QBTS, it's not giving me those red flags in that moment. And so it's just additional information. INQ break failing resistance initially doesn't mean you know I'm bearish QBTS but it means keep an eye on this because Q double top may help top its peers if we get no followthrough from here and so that's what ended up taking place but on these weekly charts you can see again just potential bare flag is still in play robotics are going to be watching for a higher low on some of these names SV we're looking for a weekly higher low compared to 802 still weak and in consolidation mode the rare earth names CRML still a weekly bare flag on the table US same deal the crypto names of course Bitcoin looks pretty similar to this trying for its weekly higher low but still there's more candles just because it trades seven days a week but actually that wouldn't affect the weekly chart it would affect the daily chart but still trapped in range range. Let's see what else we got. Psychedelics, ATI looks a lot like QBTS. So, weekly bull break, but no follow through and still a potential bare flag. Let's just do the quick flip there. Look at how similar these charts are. Psychedelic micro cap quantum. They're just doing extremely similar things as the risk on grouping. So, there is the possibility to play these names off their recent lows. They're not convincing bounces recently, but I'm watching to see if that takes shape. For example, let's just lay out a thesis. If the NASDAQ rejects from resistance and keeps forming an equilibrium and pulls back on the daily time frame, looking for a higher low. While that's happening, the risk on names remain weak and they head down towards their weekly supports. The NASDAQ sets a pivot higher low and then breaks its equilibrium bullish and heads to new all-time highs. If that happens, we would look for the risk on names to hold their support and have give us a potential play nice and close off of it. So that's something I'm watching for in the week ahead. So much of my analysis is is looking ahead like that, just a couple steps. You know, if I'm looking ahead six months, there's a a much wider window for things to be happening that I couldn't anticipate or whatever. But if I'm looking just a week ahead, okay, this is how it could potentially shape up. Just like I did with the financial sector. Okay, if the broader market is going to recover and head back to the all-time high, this is probably what it would look like. Uh, with XLF finally getting its turn to lead. So, it's important to lay out those those thesis shorter term because when the things align and you're right, it gives you exactly what you want. You can be more confident with your trades. You can put on more size with those trades perhaps. But if you're just if you're not thinking ahead and laying out potential game plans and you're just taking it one day at a time, uh it's it's a lot harder to see the potential next few steps forward. So that's something I would suggest practicing. And you know, doing these videos is that practice for me. But just writing it down. You know, if over the next week the broader market does this, I'm going to be watching for the individual names to potentially do this. Another individual name. This is a trade that came to me. So, Netflix real beat up, people looking for a potential shift. I was watching this bare flag and I just kept laying out the scenarios, you know, give me a gap down after on Wednesday here. I said, "Give me a gap down. I'll make a bounce attempt." We didn't gap down, so I didn't trade it. We then bounced. Okay, that's still weak. I'm not interested. Bull break, no follow-through. That's still a potential bare flag. I'm not interested. Uh, and at that point, I laid out ais, okay, if we break bare with no follow-through, it's going to be a bare flag confirming no follow-through. Then I'll make a play. because I've talked about many times how uh the the flags no follow through is something I've been trading more and more over the last five years. And so as soon as I see the bear break no follow through, okay, now I'm interested. I was traveling, not really paying close attention. So we got an inside bar on Wednesday. Friday, I was back to watching a bit. And so the inside bar breaking bull was, all right, here's my attempt. So enter long. Nothing sizable because it was on my phone and I'm on, you know, not paying attent. I'm not in the zone. Whenever I'm not at my battle station at home, I'm not 100%. Anything less than that is less than 100%. And we can choose when we play this game. And I generally only want to be playing when I'm 100%. But I can take a little bit smaller size swing position. Ensure that I keep an eye on it. So entered in the upper 93s and I will exit if 90 breaks. So a little bit of wiggle room under this level. That's now the level that I'm playing off of. And in an ideal world, we get a big enough bounce where I can add the plan will be to average up to practice that skill set, which I'm looking to continue to hone in on over the next few years. But, uh, my initial target will be weekly EMA 12 as that that has rejected a couple bounce attempts on the way down, but that's just a rough thesis for Netflix. So risking we'll call it $4 and initial target is will be because that's going to keep dropping. It's a dynamic initial target but roughly $8 and we'll see. I wouldn't sell it at weekly EMA 12. I would trim and look for trying to hold a longer term position for a monthly bounce. But a lot has to transpire for that to take shape. just making an attempt because I laid out an ideal scenario of if I'm going to take this trade, this is what it's going to look like and then it gave me that setup. Metals dollar. So, dollar still pulling back weekly stairst step daily downtrend lower high. So, anything under 9875 is just another lower high. So, we're keeping an eye on that as our guide. But obviously the show is in metals. Gold extremely strong all-time highs. Daily EMA 12 rider weekly time frame just grinding back up to those all-time highs. And again, just the metal bulls have full control and I have been selling silver. Why? Because I look at these charts. So again, you know, what what a lot of people are doing is looking at the headlines like, oh, silver squeeze, China, you know, all this stuff and saying, well, maybe this time's different. You know, maybe we are going to run straight up to $100 and beyond. And that's possible for sure. But my experience and how I approach trading, especially euphoric markets, which I have a lot of experience in, is I don't care about the narrative at all. Because every bull market that I've ever been a part of that looks like this, which is cannabis 2018, crypto 2017, crypto 2021, you know, quantum, whatever, whatever it is, there's always a story that is the reason why it will keep going because that's how you keep retail ending up holding a bag before a big pullback. And so, the way that I approach these things is I sell into euphoric strength and I don't care about leaving money on the table. I have to tie that second part to it to allow myself to click the buttons because otherwise I'll say, "Oh, what if it's going to keep going? What if I miss out?" Blah, blah, blah. No, I don't care. My my trade is made. I entered silver over a year and a half ago in the 20s, the mid to upper 20s. This trade has far exceeded my expectations in terms of size and speed at which it took place. And so, you know, I sell a third of my position at 70 and after hours Friday, I was trimming more and I was selling when silver was up at 7879 and I've got 15% of my position left. So, I have been just been exiting and again, my mindset is okay, I have a long-term no touch position. Granted, in the grand scheme of things, it's not very large. It's a lot larger than when I bought it, which is great. Bought that during COVID times. But that's my anti- FOMO just like I got my crypto long-term no touch where okay I can sell out all my shorterterm positions and if it keeps running this not in this scenario obviously in the moment but that's something that allows me psychologically. So if we keep going up my net worth is going to keep going up. I will continue to benefit. But I'm selling my paper positions into this euphoria because when we get the inevitable pullback, the the exhale of this move, it's going to be 10% pullback very easily. And when this move tops out into weekly consolidation, which of course is inevitable, it'll be a 20% pullback off of the high. So yeah, everybody's targeting 100. I'm just being reminded, remember when everybody was targeting 100,000 on Bitcoin in 2021? I have a friend who held four he said I'm going to start selling my position I've been holding for years on over a h 100,000 and we never got there and he held through the entire bare market 66,000 down to 18 or whatever it was because we never reached his target and so I just keep seeing the same thing with silver where people are saying I'm going to sell at 100 and it's just well what's your secondary game plan what if we don't get to 100 so it's you know it's it's a way to cover my ass in terms of psychologically uh being okay with my decisions. You know, I'm talking myself into doing the thing where if I look at this chart and you give me this chart 10 times, how many times is the answer you should be selling into this? The answer is nine times out of 10. So, if this is the one time out of 10 where it is a once in a time out of 10 where it is a once in a time out of 10 where it is a once in a decade, obviously this is a once in a few decade move, but if this is the one where you know the chart does things that charts don't normally do and it runs straight up to 130, I will benefit. I will benefit less than I would have, but I'm taking the more conservative route where my IRA is not going to drop due to silver at all. My IRA is hitting all-time highs thanks to silver. This position was my second largest in my IRA for the majority of the year. It's now down to the seventh largest position because I'm selling out into these euphoric strength. And uh it's just in insanely overbought, which is uh great. It's a lot of fun. What that also means is when I'm exiting into this strength, I'm now going to be day trading this name more. In the past, the past couple of weeks, I've been day trading at less because I've got my swing position and and that's covering things. But back burners are on the table for all time frames here. We're going to look for fiveminute oversold to try and mark an hourly higher low, 15-minute oversold to try and mark a 4 hour higher low. And uh I will be more actively day trading. Here was our last 15minute back burner that led to 10% continuation. We know the hourly back burners. There haven't been many of them, but they've been working really well. We just missed this one by a point before another massive leg up. So, I'll be day trading it and maybe some of those day trades will turn into swing positions. For example, if we get hourly oversold and I trade it well and I sell partial and now my stops under that low, maybe that's a daily higher low. Maybe we pull back from 80 to 72 and that's a daily high or low from hourly oversold and then we head up to 88 and the run's not over yet and now I've got a position again. But uh I'm very comfortable and conf again. It's just psychologically not caring at all about where we go from here on my position. my position did what it was supposed to, far exceeded the game plan, and a lot of people are are surprised at my selling on the internet. Um, but this is just how I make money and keep keep money in euphoric markets, and I'm just going to keep doing that. So, it's fascinating. We'll see how it plays out. Um, you know, there's there's a few It's always fascinating the people from the the stands watching the professional traders where they're, you know, oh man, you're selling, you got to sell at 100. what are you doing? Like, well, why weren't you saying anything when I was talking about silver handic and again and again in the 20s and in the 30s and and so now in the 20s and in the 30s and and so now in the 20s and in the 30s and and so now you're going to critique me for for the end part of a really really good trade and not say anything about the positives? Like, it's just uh it's it's something that you just ignore. So, we'll see. Congrats, Bulls. A lot of fun. And again, I will always have some exposure. If it keeps going up, I will always benefit. And if it pulls back, I'll be really pumped about selling. So, that's that. Miners, I still got miners as well. Just walking up the stop on GDXJ. So, initial trade entry that I made, my stop was down here. I walked it up to here, and now I walked it up to here. And so, I will not sell this position into strength. The bears will knock me out of this position eventually. And I'm just going to keep walking that stop up. This will be a rising wedge. If we are red on Monday, we got to be watching this rising wedge because each bull break isn't getting much follow through. A lot of people are saying, you know, the miners and stuff haven't been following silver. There's there's two ways to view that. Miners are really lagging silver. The miners are about to explode. Or does that mean silver's about to top? Uh, that remains to be seen. But I've got exposure in both. I'm more aggressively sizing down in silver and I will stop out of these miners pretty quickly when things shift and then that'll be that and I'll patiently wait for the next setup and start a new trade thesis and do it all over again. Oil oil had a nice bounce from significant lows, but a big red day on Friday. We'll be watching to see can the bulls confirm a daily uptrend. Haven't seen if you go to the two-day time frame on oil, haven't seen a a clear confirmed two-day uptrend in a very long time, months. So, that's something I'm watching for to potentially shift. A lot of people are looking at the commodities, and again, I just only covered gold and silver, but palladium ripping, platinum ripping, copper trying to be a lagard. Obviously, we're in a lagard environment there. And I I think I talked about that in recent videos where, you know, because of what the metals are doing, that's the environment where you look for lagards because everybody's on board with team bull. And so, uh, some people are looking for oil to be a commodity lagard. Um, I'm okay with that. thesis, but I I got to see it on the charts, and we just don't have that yet. So, I am paying attention more so to oil than I have in over a year, multiple years, but not seeing it at this point. And of course, natural gas had a big pullback. This is why it's the widowmaker. Monthly lower high was set with a straight daily stairst step drop. And now we got a tightening range forming. Higher low. We're going to look for a lower high and tighten up for a while within this range. But uh definitely keeping an eye on oil just to see if things shift. Looking for a temporary top. And keep in mind a temporary top for the metals doesn't mean it's over. And we can pull back like just back here. Let's just look at this past one where we had the stairstep big-time breakout where I was shocked. Not many people were talking about the silver squeeze on social media. Then we traded sideways for five weeks and metals were boring for five weeks, but there were no red flags. And then it was time again. And so again, we could pull back for two months and then we're going to be talking about a daily higher low in the metals and then we're going to be talking about a weekly higher low and then we're going to be talking about a monthly higher low. Silver will eventually be down 30% from its high. We'll be looking for a monthly higher low and we'll be watching for potentially daily oversold conditions to mark a monthly higher low. I can already see the future. What I can't tell you is where and when it's going to happen, but I know that's going to happen. metals will top out. You know, a lot of people, it's just funny to watch the same cycles over and over again where people look at you people on social media looking at this chart and saying it's just getting started, which is absurd and just shows a lack of experience, but and then you see people showing the lines in China out the door and saying this is real demand. No, that's FOMO. That's exactly what you get at TOPS. So, again, I'm not and I'm not shorting. There's very distinct difference between taking profit into euphoric move and trying to call a top. I'm not trying to call a top. I'm saying this is good for me. I'm good. If we keep going, great. I'll keep benefiting, but um this is not shorting and this is not calling a top. If I was calling a top, I would have just exited everything all at once. I'm scaling out because I know I'm not going to nail the top. Anyways, uh it's been fun, that's for sure. And we'll see what we get. next week. What we do know is silver is going to be volatile and a good trading vehicle for day trading as well as we watch those back burners. So that's where we stand. Broader market NASDAQ and semiconductors. I care the most about that this week ahead. Do we form the lower high and the equilibrium which kicks the can down the road to next week? Next next week being most important. It is still a shortened holiday week. I forgot about that. So four trading days and metals. That's all I'm watching this week ahead. uh Tesla and metals as far as what I'm trading and then everything else will just be observation of where we stand. But again, congrats bulls. Not taking away from that. Establish your own game plan. You know, if you want to hold I've got my my sister asked me, "Hey, you know, I've got $1,500 of gold stuff. Should I sell that now?" Uh and my question was, "If you don't sell it now, do you hold for another couple decades?" And the answer was yes. And I was like, "No, just hold it for a couple decades. Who knows? It's just diversification." So, um, yeah, it all depends on you and your situation. I was heavy silver and now I'm light silver into Euphoria. That's how you trade. We'll see. Do good things. Thanks for watching. Likes and shares. This is Portland, Maine. Flew into Massachusetts, hanging out with some bros that I grew up with in the same neighborhood and saw some Christmas lighthouse snow action. Heat.