============================================================
Video: SJzUwd_er-0
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Tariff Tumble
Date: 2025-10-12
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8163
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:48.166548
============================================================

The market finally found the elevator down after over a week of higher highs lacking follow-through. So sellers have created the most notable damage since Q1 and what do they need to do to stay constructive next week? And finally, where would longerterm buyers um likely step in? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the Chart Ice team where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So let's get into it. Um all right. So of course news for the week or big news for the week is these major escalation in the um China trade war to electorate bugaloo wherein it's like 100% tariffs on top of we were already at like a 30 37 something like that somewhere between 30 and 40%. So obviously implications of that economically not great, right? Because I mean a lot of stuff is made out of China. Um you know people will have to restructure their supply chains. It's likely going to be um inflationary. So obviously that would be tricky for the US consumer for um well I mean first it would be tricky for producers but producers will probably pass those costs on to consumers. So either way the market you know, kind of found that as a reason to uh initiate some more serious selling. And the selling is very notable. Not only is it pretty much double the average 20-day, it's way more volume than the last time we had any kind of major selling. And additionally, what I care about primarily is that this selling has taken out this local daily demand. It's currently being firmed as supply as long as these sellers can hold under 662.67. the last time where sellers were able to take out an area of demand. It's been a while. It's it's back here really. Like you could argue that, you know, this is a a bit of an advance or that this is a a bit of an advance or that this is a a bit of an advance or that this is a bit of an advance. I'm kind of viewing all of this as one structure. So really the last time that the buyers have been unable to hold an area of demand is arguably here or here back in Q1. And so what I mean by that is just that the market is fine when you're building areas of demand and breaking out and holding back text of them. But when you trade through a pri prior area of demand, that lets us know that okay, that that last reference point where the market thought that was fair price to do business and then marked up from there. That's been negated, right? It's a very, you know, logical way of looking at price action. That just hasn't been the case in a really long time. ever since the April low. Consolidate breakout, consolidate breakout, consolidate breakout, consolidate breakout, consolidate breakout, etc. So, very notable. And so, what do the sellers need to get done next week in order to continue to press their advance? It's really just to keep affirming this guy as supply now because, you know, the the inability for these buyers to affirm it as demand uh is a red flag. And then question two. All right. Where would longerterm buyers likely be interested? Um, it's a little early to tell, right? Because there's already a lot of like information coming out from like the Chinese ministry that there will still be exports of rare, you know, earth metals or whatever. So, and like this the announcement from the administration felt like pretty out of the blue. So, you know, typically what happens is they they make this big dramatic claim. Then they'll walk it back somehow. Even the first time uh not to say that it's always going to happen like this, but even the first time we had this, you know, um trade war with China back in 2017, 2018ish, a lot of exceptions were made. many many exceptions were made and often time the tariffs or whatever were kicked down the road just I mean just for example look at what happened back here right those were um blanket reciprocal tariffs that many of those you know ended up not going through so we shall see um and I think you know what we saw here I I don't think that this necessarily reflects accurately the likelihood of tariffs going through like what probably happened was that you had a lot of late location buyers and because what do lateocation buyers do? And this is something we were talking about last week as well. I believe I definitely tweeted about it just talking about these this idea that okay, we're having these higher highs like followthrough, higher high like followrough. Yeah, we were talking about that already last week in these update videos. Um you know what does that suggest, right? That suggests that you have late location buyers and late location buyers are not sticking around if there is any reason to sell. they're the ones who they came late. So, because they came late, it's kind of like if you came late to a party or something, right? Um, you don't you don't want to stay terribly late either and then get caught up with the host, right? Then you have to like help clean and then maybe they'll ask you why you were so late. You know what I'm saying? So, like if you show up really late at a party, it's probably because you don't really want to stay too long, right? So, so you you also bail early. Um, at least that's how I go about these things. Could just be social anxiety. I don't know. Um anyway, so the more light location buyers that come into the market, the more easily it will be spooked. So I think this is a combination of things wherein like this was like just liquidation of anybody who was in on this last leg, right? Anybody who's just kind of lulled into complacency with um just buying these pullbacks because the pullbacks work um you know they're probably bailing on this now, right? Because if you think about it, if you had any buyers from here even and and I think we had a trade zone right from there. So, anybody who was uh back here, no, let's see here. Uh oh, no, we didn't set it up there. We set it up more conservatively here. I would be cautious of this now, honestly. Um, still it's like still makes sense, but with the fundamental backdrop, you know, I would be a little bit more wary of just uh doing what we've been doing successfully for a long time. Anyway, my point is that people will bail very very very quickly because you know you you you you get used to this idea that you buy these pullbacks and then we rally and then if there's some kind of shift in the environment then you know that kind of makes people feel a little bit shakier. So I'm thinking this is probably a liquidation break. The best case scenario from here for these buyers would be to a to be able to get back over 662.67 and you're probably looking at a gap down, right? like whatever happens over the weekend, whatever news gets um released, you're probably looking at a gap down because you close so weak, right? So, we probably see some kind of gap down and then so if we do gap down, then that means we're negating this breakout over 65221 and then that would have put this guy right back in the picture, right? Like this this chunk of uh value that was established back here. I think it you know the this is not in my opinion where longerterm buyers would be eyeing. This is still like intermediate and mid-term buyers should be interested in defending this guy. So, if we get a drop and pop over this high, then it's all about this guy. If these sellers uh can't make find acceptance under here initially, but then get caught up here, they're still constructive. They're still affirming this structure as supply. Something in bigger picture, as we've been talking about in prior weeks, really should be here 61323. This major breakout right over this tons of balance over here. I think that's probably where you'll have more longerterm buyers start getting interested. And you know, honestly, if you zoom out and consider the fact that potentially we've not this cuz this is not really choppy, right? Like the the high that I'm talking about is this high over here, right? I think longerterm buyers probably looking for a monthly higher low should be interested in there. But if we do lower low, like that would not be surprising either if we were to do something like this. It's not extended here. Something like this or like this like here, right? And if that's going to be the case, then there's quite the potential that we have a situation like this where we balance for quite some time. Like this isn't really bouncing, you know, like it's not a big old range yet. And you know, this what is the measured move right of this prior zone over here? It's probably right around where we just topped out, right? Like just taking a one to one projection. Oh, it's actually already past the 1:1 projection. We're already at the 1.61. I know it's kind of hard to see here. Um, but I'm just looking at this level here, uh, the fib level, which is the 1.618. The one one is the measured move, right? Like you expect that when you when you see a breakout of a sideways range, you would expect there just to be a one to one move. Something along these lines didn't do that so well here. Something along these lines. So it looks like it's, you know, roughly about that. So I wouldn't be surprised if we even come back down and test the 2022 highs, especially if because there's, you know, it's not just the China trade war, right? We we have a lot of issues right now in the US. government is shut down. We're not getting these data reports. Um jobs numbers looks kind of weak. Inflation is, you know, it's come down, but it's still sticky, right? Like inflation, the rate of inflation coming down doesn't mean prices are being lowered, right? It just means that prices are going higher at a slower rate, right? Um so the consumer is definitely feeling it. Um lots of layoffs, potential federal layoffs are on the table now as well. And that's all going to translate into a weakening economy, right? because those those are all jobs, right? Like every if you if you lay off federal workers, there's hundreds of thousands of them. Those are those are all jobs that that would be wiped off uh of our economy. So, you know, some something to be mindful of in the future if we do have some kind of stagflation in in the states. chopping around over the 2022 high honestly would be would be like good would be would probably be um you know that would be an optimistic I think so we'll see we'll take a day by day but now I think it is very reasonable to start being interested in sales right like now if we bounce up here sell against this like that right and we're thinking all right well where should these sellers be trying to get to they should try to get to here right where all this value was so something like this very reasonable for the short term. So, the flip ending has occurred, right? We really haven't set up a sell setup in a long time. Um, now I think is a pretty reasonable time to be looking for potential follow-up. Um, and we'll see, you know, so that's pretty much it for the spy. Moving on to the Q's here. So, for the Q's, it's the same deal, right? Where this is the most notable damage that we have seen in in the uh Q's as well for quite some time. And it's just it's very similar, right? What do we care about on any bounce? We care about the 59810 level. If these sellers can hold on to 59810, then they affirm this structure as supply, which again that hasn't happened in a really really long time. I guess technically here we had a firm affirmation of this structure as supply, but they just didn't really press the issue much. Um, so that's really it. You can do the same thing for the spy here. You can do the same thing for the spy here. It's funny. I don't know if you can see his whiskers on the small screen, but they're just kind of poking out. There it goes. Um anyway, uh let's see here. Just parked up for some reason. Um I'm thinking should be here, right? Like these sellers should be trying to get back down here. And even if you like even if it gets here first and we bounce up into this area, as long as these sellers can defend here, actually something like this would be better. As long as these sellers can defend this overhead supply, ideally just defend this, then we should be looking for a retest of this guy. Just like all this balance over here, very reasonable now to be looking for. It's very similar to this setup, honestly, right? Where you have this breakout over this high, very little acceptance, come back into range, make a lot of space for a lower high, and you do get that initial lower high here. They just don't see a lot of follow through. So, this is pretty much the analog to this. This high is pretty much the analog to this high. Excuse me. Um, all right. So, that's it for the Q's and then moving on to the rut. Man, the rut is just breakout. Heartbreak trade always. All right. So, breakout, no follow through. Same dealio. Like, this is a reasonable amount of space now. It's actually less so than the than the spy. Interesting. Um, actually, let me see how much of a bounce this is. Oh, no, it's not. All right. So, same Julio, right? We can be top fishing. I, you know, I don't really like to sell against um all-time highs, but this is enough of a shift that I think it's very reasonable to take an attempt here just to sell against this structure here. The best case would be to hold under here. And if these sellers do happen to reject from this prior all-time highs point of control and this local supply over here, they should be trying to come back down here to this much larger structures point of control. Right? So basically what's happening right now is the market affirmed this fella as demand, right? Holding over its point of control and then rallying to here, right? And so if you're not going to find acceptance over this guy, then they should try to retest this structure. So, I think something along these lines makes a lot of sense. Space for lower highs, basically. And we all have overhead supply. Everybody has now overhead supply to be playing off of overhead supply. Overhead supply. Okay. All right. Moving on to the Dow. So, the Dow, you know, again, they're all very similar. Um, I would not reuse this, I don't think, given this current context. Honestly, I I prefer the cells at this point now, right? like for any kind of aggressive buying, you know, buyers have been rewarded for a really long time now. And so I think it would be best if you're interested in a buy to just kind of uh let the dust settle a little bit and get a feel for okay, like what what are we really doing, right? Are there really going to be 100% tariffs? Because if that's going to be the case, then I think a lot of folks will have to restructure their supply chains and I know there's already been problems restructuring their supply chains. So, I'm just talking about like my own friends who run businesses and get their goods from China. You know, it's been hard for them to plan. So, we'll see. Um, all right. So, I wouldn't recycle this this trade zone of old. It's, you know, already come into the trade zone, gone to our target, and I also think it's pretty reasonable to try for this sell here. You know, the caveat to the cells is if if on Monday or anytime really in the near future um the administration does a 180 um then we probably Vshape, you know, right? Because this is it's kind of like the the this original um tariff uh announcement, right? It was ended up just being a nothing burger, right? So this the announcement wasn't here and then you know it they ended up rescending him or the majority of it here were like talking about delays and then you know it didn't amount to the same to the same uh severity right like we the the initial announcement was way way worse than what's actually gone down so we'll see um and I mean it's you know nobody really benefits from that right because you know yes it would hurt our economy but it also It will hurt Chinese economy as well because America is like the largest consumer of goods from China as as far as I recall the last time I checked at least. So anyway, um yeah, so for all these cells, you know, again, I would just be very wary of that. If the news comes out that, okay, we're not doing that, then, you know, all of a sudden those cells look much less attractive. So definitely a time to put your brown pants on and um you know be very mindful of what the uh what kind of news essentially headlines are coming out. It's just been a very headlining environment in general ever since uh you know the uh election. It's been a very headline driven um market. So anyway, lots of space for lower high as well. I think selling against this guy and playing back to like here, trying to get back to all of these tops over here. I think there's a lot of value established back here. Yeah, something like that. I think very reasonable for a sell in the Dow. Um the dollar. So, you know, again, I stand by these trade zones. It's just responsive trade balance, right? Because if you're going to uh if you're going to break down from this structure over here that's contained price throughout all of this business, then the next objective should be here. here. But if they're not going to trade through here, then they should try to come back to here. And that is exactly what's happened so far. So, you know, the sell work, the buy zone work. It should keep working as long as we're not finding acceptance over 99.8 and under 96.075. So, I would just continue to recycle these trade zones. No problem. Honestly, I I I kind of think like this was being a little bit too like, you know, weak sauce here. We could have probably aimed for it like that, but is what it is. Um, at this point now, these buyers, they don't negate the change of the sellers don't negate the change of this breakout unless getting back over under 98.265. Lots of space for a higher low over 97.130. And that's really it for the dollar. Uh, gold held up pretty well, right? Um, you know, flight to safety. I guess the safe haven narrative is certainly there. Hard assets in general probably probably looking to outperform, you know, sooner rather than later. um just because you know companies profitability when that becomes harder to assess well you know the value of hard assets there's kind of always inherent value there so um I wouldn't be surprised if like materials staples uh hold up well and gold right now looks totally fine um these buyers are constructive as long as holding on the daily as long as holding over 3897.130 and that's really it lots of space for a higher low over 381942 425. Uh, that's really it. Honestly, there's nothing much else to say about gold. I think if you were to set up a buy like it for me, it'd have to be here like and I don't even love that. There's so much more value here that I would much prefer a test over here. But I would imagine that if we were to start retracing that you you probably find at least an initial bounce here. But I'd like to see how all of this shakes out a little bit before hitting setting up a zone here. NVDA. Uh I would again much very much prefer it here, right? Like if we could retrace, it's very reasonable to be an aggressive buyer off of this um local demand, but you know, the rare earth metal situation um out of China should impact MVDA significantly. And again, this is yet another reason why like nobody really benefits from that, right? Like semiconductors, everybody needs semiconductors are freaking in everything now, you know? So really, everybody needs them. Um, and so if the if there's a bottleneck out of China, then everybody suffers, you know, including China. So I don't know. We'll see. We shall see. Um, yeah. So again, reasonable to be an aggressive buyer off of this structure. I thought we set up a zone, but I guess not. Um, but I again, I would still prefer it here. Like I would very much prefer some deep extension, a lot of fear. Get all of these buyers out of here, all these late location buyers, get them out of here and then back test where all of this value was established. We bounced here for for like over a year. NVDA balanced in this structure for over a year. So I would be shocked if the buyers were not interested in defending this area if it were to be tested. Um, all right. So Bitcoin, like we were saying last week, bit of a red flag, right? To see us higher high again and not see follow through. What you know how many times have we talked about this? Now, if you break to a higher high and you do not see follow-through, what we should expect is a the other side to attempt another test, right? So, if you break to a higher high, no fall like over here, higher high, no follow through. Test lows of the range. Lower low, no follow through, test the highs of the range. That's just how balance works. So, this as of right now is honestly still constructive, right? We're still constructive relative to this area of demand. That's why our trade zone was set up as such. I think you'd have to be pretty bold to be interested in using this zone again. It's not unreasonable, but you know, again, this is just a notable amount of fear that's entered the market recently. This is a situation where like even if I if I if I pass on using this trade zone again and I miss it, I think that's reasonable just given the elevated level of uncertainty. Um, now that being said, technically we we're as of right now we're seeing a lower low followthrough. So, if these buyers can just keep bouncing in this range over this structure, it is actually still constructive. But you should be out of this trade by now, right? Because it's already hit the target. The stop was under here. So, you know, I if you bought this pass back over it, right? If you're active trader, you're you're comfortable with the, you know, PBO plays, you know, that's fine, right? Because you probably already got chopped probably your stop is under here for the rest. That's fine. But to use this zone blindly again, I would be very wary of that personally. All right. So, uh it's all about this guy, right? What we care primarily about is acceptance under 108993.39. If the sellers can't find acceptance under the point of control of this structure over here, the gateway into this much larger area of demand, then they don't negate and they they don't create any meaningful change and then we're just continuing to balance within this range. All right, Ethereum. Okay, so back in the zone again, it's the same deal. like I would be much more wary just just you know with this new narrative shift if we're going to see you know more trade war tension or whatnot uh I think your risk on assets will probably suffer more right just like the IWM retraced more than the spy and the Q's um but if you're a seller and you didn't hit the sell against here my bad let me go back to the Bitcoin for a second here if you're going to be a seller for Bitcoin I think best to Wait to see acceptance under here. Something like this, right? Let him trade through this guy with a lot of follow through and then look for the lower high here. Play to the low of this range and then look for like further bounce in this within this chop. And the Ethereum I think is is a very similar situation wherein, you know, I would be a little bit hesitant like if you were a seller up here, I think that's fine. Aggressive selling, you know, great. You're being paid for that. But I think, you know, the key gateway structure, just like the targeting was like off of this guy for these trades, the extended target. I don't know where it is, but we definitely had one that looked like that. It's because of this guy, right? This guy over here was what was problematic for buyers here and here and here. So, I would say let these sellers get a little bit more ground first before looking for a sell against 4017.56 and then look to play to come back to here, eventually here, right? because now you've re-entered all of this chop here. Um, that being said, if it's cheap, right? Like if you get a pass like this, if you get a move over here and then you don't you don't get to the value area high and then you roll right back down under it and you sell that move, I think that's fine, too, with your stop over the wherever the the turn is and then look to peel out at the value area low, I think that would be fine, too. But, you know, in terms of just throwing out a trade zone there, I think that's tricky. you know, unless it's a really, you know, give yourself a lot of wiggle room, something like this, right? And then you're playing against the alltime high again, which is pretty aggressive, but something like that. I think that's fine. And then finally for CCJ here. So, I'm still just waiting back here. You know, these higher highs, lacking follow through. Again, bigger picture of CCJ balances a lot. So, I would not be surprised with the back test of this fellow over here. And that's personally what I am most interested in essentially would be play for a monthly higher low. That's the only play that I'm interested in at least for CCJ. All right, so that's it. Moving on to trade review. Uh had a rough one this week. First red week in many months, but is what it is. It's kind of funny, right? You would think that given the um Friday's price action that oh okay he got wrecked um in that on Friday but no I actually only did one trade on Friday and it was a semi-profitable slightly profitable um trade I actually took all my damage in the middle of the week and that was actually I think good information right because you know how I've been playing you know as you've seen in these trade reviews or whatever it's kind of been like a cautious buyer but more on the aggressive side because I like to I like to play, you know, from like the open like 9:30 to 10:00. And so if the prior days daytime frame references are being affirmed, then that's really when I like to be active. And then, you know, I just like to be done by like 10ish. Um, and like that, you know, most of the not I shouldn't say most when the trend is very strong, then that that kind of uh daytime frame operation is rewarded. And so the fact that it wasn't really rewarded during the week, right? because again we were getting these higher highs like follow through was actually a pretty good indication that like the uh the we're probably looking at some liquidation sooner rather than later and that is what we got. Um well let me just walk you through the trades and you know um see for yourself where it all went wrong. Um, all right. So, for the cues here, we started off fine, honestly, but um, yeah, started being not so great in 106. Um, all right. So, uh, first things first, the daily context for on 106 was this um, here, right? So, it's a little gap and it's into blue sky. In the past, in the recent history, you know, small gaps into blue sky have been have been good, right? So, for example, here you incomplete fail back test this guy and then that was fine. You get this followthrough. This little gap into blue sky was a gap and go day. I think we capture that day as well. Um, this was not a gap, but you know, again, you have a strong open into blue sky and do see followthrough. So, that's what I was playing for. Um, you know, more often than not in that kind of context, you're going to get a a decent buy. So that's not what happened after the jump. So I just made this by wait was it the after the open? Oh, it was after the regular trading RSI. So I waited for the gap fill and I think I talked about the context being like you know again these higher highs were lacking follow-through. So I was a little bit wary of buying the gap right away. But if we can get a cheap setup against regular trading hours high or the value area high of the prior session, then I think that's fine because, you know, day plus buyers are in control as long as you're holding over the regular trading RSI and um the value is moving higher from session to session as long as you're over the value area high. So initial attempt is here. Yeah, initial attempt is here. Pass back over the regular trading RS high looking for a chop under the open and that's a a stop. I I didn't get any chops. No bueno. Um, and I'm just talking about the context here. So, the gap fill, but buyers are moving value higher as long as they're holding over the value area high. And so, you know, that's just setting up the context for the next play here at the value area high. And I said if they fail the open and the new low, then this is a 939, then they should smash to the value area high. And they do smash there. Um, but then I took a pass here. I mean, I took another attempt here at the value area high. Find that pass back over it. I was targeting the development value area low. That's a typo. It should just should just say debell. Uh so I chopped it up and then I looked out looked for more chop at the regular trading hours high. So those two exits pretty much already make up for that loss over there. And I had to leave for an appointment. So I ended up just chopping it up here. I was originally looking to get to the open and and you actually do get a little bit more follow through over the open. So it could have been a much better session, but you know, whatever. little base hit. Um, and that was it. And then on the seventh, I think honestly this was a pretty good bail on the seventh where it was ES here. Okay, so for the ES, um, you know, I'm talking about the 3 days now of acceptance over the daily breakout candles, but closes under the lows. So like sellers are being attracted at higher prices. some like I'm a little sused out by buyers, but you know, my guidelines are I'm I bias long as long as there's uh the daily breakout is being affirmed. And so on this day, the 7th, the daily breakout over this high, it is still being affirmed. So I was, you know, just sticking to being biasing long, but you just have to be kind of picky about your location. So um that's here. So again, we had a pretty strong open here. And so I bought the new high I just bought this new high and I was looking for the overnight high test. I have my stop under the development value area low, the low of this candle here. And so I just stopped it out over here and um that was it. That was the whole that was the whole dealio. So uh oh no I I've no I didn't stop it. I bailed on it. Right. So I'm talking about the context. Right. And at this point, you know, I we didn't get to the overnight high and the Q's did get to their next objective. Um, that's what I'm talking about over here. Um, so XLV weakness, XLV strength approaching yesterday high of day. And so probably need ENQ over the open for ES to get to the overnight high or XLV over the Y val, right? And so I'm I'm saying uh here for if ENQ was under 247.5 I'm going to bail because 247.5 on the ENQ on this day was here. What day is this? 10 7 it's here. Right. So this was the breakout for the ENQ 247.5, right? And I was thinking this breakout probably needs to be sustained given all the context that I was talking about in XLF and XLV. This breakout probably needs to be sustained in order for the ES to make it to its target. Um the target that I was looking for at least, which was uh the overnight high. So I'm thinking, all right, if if if if the ENQ can't hold over that level, then I'm going to bail on this. So I just bailed on it pretty much break even. And I think it was like four points of of upside, but you know, it's not I don't consider that a win. Just consider that break even. And so I just bailed on it. And I think that was a very reasonable bail. Uh that did the price action was, you know, afterwards from a price action perspective, you know, yeah, it was a good bail, but you always have to wonder like, you know, you have you have to question did that bail make sense or were you trading your PNO? Do you have the yips? Whatever. I think ultimately I do think it was a reasonable intuitive you know bail. Normally when I put a trade on I just let it work regard like just assume assume I don't really you know that that that cost is already out and I more often than not I just let it ride. Um but I have been battling the yips lately so so I wasn't you know I was not 100% sure to be completely honest with you whether I was just being a pansy or not. Um but I think it was reasonable. So, oops. And then finally for the eighth here, oh no, no, no. Finally, we have more stuff. Uh, for the eighth, this is where things start really falling apart here. Um, on the eighth, uh, I started to feel like I was getting the yips again where I hesitated on overnight high sell. So, that's over here. Um, 108 that's over here. So, I missed this, right? And I feel like that was a pretty reasonable setup to hit right off of the open on the ETH. The context for the Rut is here um here. So, we set to open up kind of in the middle of the prior day's range, but potentially looking to roll over and negate the breakout over the prior all-time high. And the first thing that happens is um is a failure to get to the overnight high. So, I should have been ready to hit the sell right there no later than the than the prior day's value high. Should I have sold it um with my stop over the overnight high and then look to chop it up here because this is the breakout point of the end of the day structure from the prior day. So, I'm just talking about missing that. But, if there's follow-through under that level, then I was interested in um eyeing the 78.3 level for RTY for potential lower high. The 78.3 level is here. And honestly, when the trade takes this long, like you hit the sell against 78.3 and it just doesn't get anywhere for like 10 minutes already, I was starting to kind of get sused out by the trade. Normally, if like your the best trades are ones that work pretty quickly, like they should get like right to your target. That makes sense because not right to your target, but like they should start moving towards your target pretty well. Um because, you know, you're you're think you're trying to join the other people who should be interested in that same logical approach. So the fact that we just kind of traded sideway was a bit of a red flag. So I stopped out of the the trade over here on this leg up. And then I tried it again and I think you know this one a bit more questionable, right? Because this breakdown was negated at this point. It looks like this. We're here when all this is happening. So what happened was we fail here, sell to here. That still made a lot of sense. That's the one I missed. But then the buyers are holding over the prior days point of control. So they really needed to work over here. So this sell over here, I kind of think that was a bit too aggressive, right? Like it it makes sense because if these sellers are going to play defense again, it should be off the prior days value area high because they don't want to allow buyers to move value higher session to session. But you know, after seeing this re reaction here, I probably should have just passed on that. So is what it is. I didn't made it uh made a um another attempt at the passback under 2479.9 and then that was a stop uh 79.9. Wait, what? Oh, no. That's where I was looking for the target. And again, this was a situation where I hit the sell and it just kind of chopped around for a lot a long time. Not the best situation. Typically, you know, price should move quickly in your favor. Otherwise, you know, it's probably not probably not right. So, two stops in a row. That doesn't happen very often. Already, that was like not ideal. And I only had a, you know, pretty small winner earlier in the week. So, at this point, I was already, I think, red for the week. Um, and then the next day 109 here. So, we open um at the highs again. So, I'm thinking, okay, I'll try I'll try it again, right? Even though, you know, I I recognize that these higher highs are like a follow-through, but we had a strong day the prior day. So, I'm thinking maybe this liquidation of these uh sellers was enough to get these buyers to get going again. Um, so I just bought the pass back over the open here. Oh yeah, this day was brutal. Okay. So 10 on 10 9 I pass this I buy the pass 10 on 10 9 I pass this I buy the pass 10 on 10 9 I pass this I buy the pass back over the open looking for the overnight high tag. I don't get it. Stop it out here. I tried this stairst step break here at the overnight low. Um trying to just get back to the prior day's close. I was initially looking to get back to the uh yesterday's point of control. And if I had done that then I would have gotten the exit there. But I did not. and I missed it by a tick, which you know was kind of stings. Um, and at this point I'm thinking there's probably a lot of late location buyers that this is another day where they got a strong open after a strong day before and they couldn't hold on to the gains. So at this point the call runners that I had from IWM from two weeks prior, I just closed those out. So that's like a nothing burger that was very very small. Um, and then I tried it one more time uh on the one minute stair step here. Oh, no, that was that's this guy. And then I tried it one more time at the yesterday's value area low, I think. No. Uh, yeah, yesterday's value area low over here. And I was looking for a pass back over, thinking, okay, maybe they're going to balance, right? Because we're over here on this day, um, the nine. So, we opened up strong over the prior days value area high. moved all the way down to the value area low. I was thinking they should wait, no, that was here. I was thinking they should probably try to defend the value area low and stay and defend this guy, right? This is really the key. This is all the consolidation of this breakout over this guy. So, I bought this move back over the value area low and then um I don't get an exit. It just got stopped out there again. And at this point now, my my week is is quite ready. So, I'm thinking, all right, I should probably start thinking about just, uh, pumping the brakes here. Um, and then that was it. But then the next day, uh, I did try one more attempt. And honestly, it was just was quite aggressive, too. So, I think at this point I'm probably already tilting to be honest with you. Like these even that second RTY by was not great. Uh, I think this one was back to being okay. And I think this one kind of got me tilty again because I don't know how, you know, this one I don't know how good of an idea this one was to be completely honest with you. Um, I kind of jumped the gun on this one. I think just seeing this chop here because all things considered, the the daily context, another inability for these buyers to hold on to their gains, you know, probably throw in the towel here with with with buys for a little bit and just like, you know, just pump the brakes. Um but is what it is. Errors, you know, full disclosure. I don't want to just talk about, you know, when trading is good. I always present the entire week of trading. Um and then finally, this was like a little base hit. Wasn't really much of anything, but um you know, we started flushing already. And what happened was at this point like we there had a little there was a little bit of pause here. Um, so both the ES and the ENQ, they move down to the value area lows of the local daily demand. So that's this guy over here. If I just move this to pointing here, um, that's this level here. And then for the ENQ, it was the same dio here. Oh, hold on. I got to sync this on all the time frames. Give me a second. I get it. Um, they were both testing the value area low. So, this this candle here is at 1:00 and for the ES, same dealio. This candle here is at 1:00. So, you know, very often when when major levels are tested at the same time, you'll get a response there. It's kind of like it's confluence essentially, right? And so, I made an attempt there. I bought the one minute stair step at here. I bought it here. All right. So this little stairst step break test that that level. So again that looks like this over here. Um that's this structure here, right? So you see we're grinding it. Buy this break on the ES though. Buy this break and I was looking for the point of control chop over here. It makes me wait a long time. I was honestly getting ready to bail on it as well, but I eventually do get that first exit. And then I was looking for the development value area low for another test here. And the fact that we didn't get there was like super weak. And I made a post about that uh ES en no devout test in the last two hours despite it printing lower. Buyers weak without acceptance above to stop the morning uh the moving stop moving value lower. So get the 58 chop and then I just stop out the rest over here. And again that was just very weak for these buyers to not even get back up to the DV val. Um all right. So that was that was that was really it. Um so yeah first red week in many months. um is what it is. That certainly doesn't feel good, but is what it is. Part of the game. And it's kind of funny honestly to me that like it wasn't in here. Like most people um that were that got took damage last week was on was on the Friday, but I I got I got my licks in before then. it might have might be a blessing in disguise, you know, like it, you know, if I was trading hot in here and then like trying to go counter trend on this um dump day like earlier that that may have been problematic to be honest with you. So that's pretty much it. Um so if you are interested in uh getting these alerts and whatnot, these live trade updates or whatever call outs, context readings, um check out the community links in the description below. We present it all, good and bad. Um, because it's a learning environment. And if you are interested in getting trade zones sent to your inbox every single week, update from me, update from Dan, uh, same, you know, live updates for those trades as well, check out this report, links in description below as well. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, that would help us out a lot. Lets us know to keep making content like this. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see y'all next time.