============================================================
Video: 06EiOrxVr0c
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Sellers Fail Key Level! Can Buyers Bounce Back?
Date: 2025-04-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8654
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:59.237614
============================================================

Stellar started off the week with the gap down that we were anticipating because of the close pretty much at the lows from two weeks prior and had their sights set on the 2022 high again as we discussed last week. But they notably failed to touch down on the level before tariff delay news pretty much brought rush of buyers um into the market. So, what are the implications of missing that key back test and are the buyers in the clear right now or are lower highs on the table? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and our SW report. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So, let us get into it. All right, so uh starting off with SPY here. So, of course, the news, you know, the the the biggest news of last week was the delay of the reciprocal tariffs um for 90 days. So, this is like a essentially a carrot that remains dangling in front of the market. You know, it's a situation where you never really know what what whether or not these things are going to go through. last time around and you know this is something that we've been talking about now for a few weeks where wherein you know the treasury secretary and the commerce secretary um were kind of signaling that these were negotiation tactics right that they wanted to use the terrorists for um leverage so that seems like that is still the case right now and that was certainly the playbook the first time around the first time around I'm talking about the last um Trump presidency most of those tariffs didn't didn't didn't go through many of you know they were delayed delayed delayed delayed and then um during the delays there would be exceptions that were made as well. So uh seems like that's still the playbook. It definitely you know it's uh certainly more aggressive this time around but seems like that's still um what they're trying to get done. So it's hard to say from a fundamental perspective but we're technical traders so we'll just keep it as technical as we can right now. And so the uh the miss of this 2022 high is very notable. So again, if you if you just look at the longerterm charts, right? So now this is a monthly chart. Um oops, this is a monthly chart here. Is this right? Is it 100%? Um and you can see that we we had like pretty much two or three years or so of consolidation sideways here. This was again four or so years of consolidation. This was roughly four years of consolidation. And what is the key, right? Like we had major downturns throughout, you know, this uh sideways range. And we had one major downturn within this sideways range. And what was the key? The key was was the prior high held, right? Was the last the high of the last prior range. Did it hold? It did hold here, right? During the COVID dump, it did hold here during 2022. The question now is will it hold here, right? And that's what we care about primarily because if we if it does continue to hold here and you you see this was a near miss over here, right? Over here as well, I believe was a near miss. So if that is going to be the case, right, this is pretty much the best case scenario for buyers on the monthly time frame and above. Essentially bigger picture, this is just fine for buyers because this kind of price action again, this it's always the right. The market is always trying to either affirm or negate what has just what has just happened, right? And so what is the market trying to negate just now or what did what did the market try to negate? It's this 2022 high, right? This breakout over the 2022 high is what longerterm operators really care about, right? And so again, a near miss, very notable, just like a near miss over here was very notable, just like a near miss over here was very notable. So, um, what does that mean? Does that mean, hey, buyers are in the clear? No. Right? We still have to use all of our references because we don't know that that was the bottom. Now, if that wasn't the bottom, that would be a huge red flag. And there are some small nuances that would suggest that the lows are likely to be retested because the the low in the ES and the ENQ was actually made in the overnight session. So the the fact that the major highs and major lows, it's not, you know, an absolute truth or anything, right? But major highs and major lows shouldn't really be made off of the overnight session. Now the the the caveat to that too this time around is that it's such a news driven headline driven market right now that I personally would not be surprised if um if if this time is different essentially if there's an anomaly this time where a major low can be set in the overnight session. Hard to say, right? Of course we we never know, right? We don't predict here. We just respond to what the market is doing in the moment. So, we just want to gather our references and monitor whatever market generated information comes out moment to moment and and see whether or not that new MGI affirms or negates whatever the heck we're looking at right now. So, as of right now, that near miss is a good look for the buyers. That means bigger picture. These buyers are doing just fine. We're constructive relative to the 2022 high. We've been talking about this for a very long time. this uh 2022 high um in our chat room. You know, this is the area where in my opinion, you should be very interested in looking to dust off your long-term accounts and deploy some capital because again, that's, you know, based off of what what we've just showed you over here. So, um the question then becomes, how do we continue to identify whether or not that level is secure? And what we what we'll do then is watch our downside references and watch our upside references. The more upside references that we take out from here, the more likely it is that that low is secure. The more downside references we take out, of course, the more likely it is that we revisit that low, right? That's just how it is. That's just fact, right? So, what do we care about right now? We care about this little four three to four day bounce, right? The first half of the Wednesday sess session and then these three sessions pretty much creating a little bit of a local daily demand zone, which really hasn't been the case since you could argue that that was the case here, but I personally just view this as sideways structure. The last time that we had a meaningful breakout and then hold over a daily demand zone was back here. So this breakout back in January, holding over this structure was the last time that these buyers held the back test of prior demand. So it's April now. It's been months since that's occurred. So if these buyers are now able to hold over here, which you can clearly see how these sessions were a battle for that, right? The the Thursday session and the Friday session was a clear battle for that. So here's the daily no change level and then you dig back down under it and then you oscillate around it before finally pulling away, right? So clearly this daily no change level 525.87 is very significant. Now, what are our So, basically, that's our key downside reference next week. If we continue to find no acceptance under 52587, that's going to affirm this breakout on Wednesday, that's going to increase the potential that we do not revisit that low. Now, that being said, let's there is space for a weekly lower high under 576.41. There's not a lot of space because the weekly candle actually closed quite strong. Now, on the monthly time frame also, there is space for a potential lower high under the all-time high 61323. So what are our key upside references to assess whether or not that lower high is printing. We care about this guy, right? We care about the July 2024 high and this 310 to 42 structure. It's the most it's the obvious local daily supply, right? If these buyers can overcome overcome this 310 to 42 structure, they're going to breathe a little bit of a sigh of relief here. The odds of a weekly monthly lower high, weekly lower high would would diminish the more that the more uh acceptance we can find over 560.76 and 56516. This structure from 310 to 42 is essentially now a gateway. It's a proxy into the uh it's a proxy for the July 2025 high this structure over here. Okay. Um so that's uh pretty much it. Aggressive sellers you can be looking for that sell over here just like we were looking for it you know before this major downturn. You can we're looking for that sell over here. You can do that again. For me this is a wait and see kind of a situation. I don't really want to be an aggressive seller here knowing that the monthly uh time frame is, you know, if you don't encounter these little rinky dink ones, it's really just looking for a higher low. The quarterly chart is definitely just looking for a higher low. And of course, bigger picture, the fact that we didn't touch down on that 2022 high kind of has me a little bit more hesitant to be a very aggressive seller, especially if you already hit that sell off of this trade zone that we shared a few weeks ago. Then, you know, you you likely benefited from that already. There's no real reason to to throw some ships in again. uh IMO, but it's a very reasonable location to be looking for that sell. So something like this, I'm not going to be super aggressive with this, but if we do happen to come into our trade zone, right, into this area and then fail to hold above, okay, maybe I'll probably, you know, I'll probably look for it on the daytime frame, right? Look for a daytime frame setup, try to hit that sell and then roll those proceeds into, you know, a runner in puts or something like that, right? But I don't really want to be super aggressive here and and you know just kind of throw all the chips in for this potential lower high to be set for a rejection under here because again very newsdriven market. There's news over the weekend now that there's going to be exemptions on tariffs like so even if the tariffs do go through it's like chips are going to be exempt and stuff. So you know this kind of a market I believe it's better to focus on your daytime frame operations and also on your retirement account stuff which we've been talking about at Nauseium in our um you know track chat streams or whatever. I was telling the chat room in our TA Q&amp;A and our and in my morning streams that this is the area where you really want to consider loading the boat a little bit here. Um, so and if you're interested in in, you know, that kind of environment, hanging out with a whole bunch of traders, full-time traders and whatnot, including Dan and the team, then, uh, you know, links in the description below. Check it out. It's very friendly, very, uh, constructive community, I would say. Okay, so that's pretty much it. Aggressive sellers are looking for this. And for a buyer, you can still be playing off of this 2022 high, right? Like if we comment back and revisit this area, it's still reasonable to be playing off of this structure here, you know, something like this, right? And I know that we didn't set this up in the um indices for last week, but I think we did set up that NVDA trade, which moved even better than the indices. So hopefully you're not too upset with me for not I'm talking about this. I honestly don't recall if we spoke about this area for a buy. Um all of these like streams or whatever where I'm just constantly talking about the markets, they kind of just melled into one. So I kind of forget when I say what. I just know whether or not I have said it. So again, if you want to hear everything that we have to say, give the chat room a shot. Um all right, so that's pretty much it for um spy. Okay, moving on then to the Q's here. So for the Q's, similar situation, right, where you came back down, back tested this 2021 high and again this is fine, bigger picture for these buyers for on like again the monthly time frame, the quarterly time frame, whatever. You just want to see if these buyers can hold over this big block of demand that was created for, you know, three or four years. Same dealio over here. Same dealio over here, right? These were all pretty much misses. You don't even you didn't even come close to back testing this prior high over here, right? So that's pretty much the best case scenario. If you don't even get close to back testing a prior area of demand, again, that's the best case scenario for these buyers. So as of right now, that is the case. Well, actually rather it's the next best thing is has occurred. A little drop and pop at that key level. So, not the best case scenario, but the next best case with just a little bit of acceptance uh just a tiny little bit of acceptance under that major level. So, where do we stand now for key upside references and downside references? It's very very similar to the spy uh the spy the ES again you can see this retracement back under this daily no change level not see that much follow through set this hourly higher low off of it. So, the NASDAQ in that regard is actually showing a little bit of relative strength. So key downside references next week 43849. We want to see this point of control over here essentially continue to be affirm. This guy remember is the gateway into this block which is sitting on top of the 2021 high. So if these buyers can hook back on to this area of demand then we should expect price action like this again. So that's pretty much it. The daily no change level is at 443.14. Obviously we care about that as well. And then 43849 is the other key downside reference except it's under 43849. This is pretty much a perfect box, like pretty much a perfect area of two-way trade. So, if we find acceptance back under 43849, these sellers should be trying to make their way back down to the lows of the range. Now, the key upside reference is this 36 to 42 supply. Of course, it's it's obvious supply is sitting out there staring at us, you know, staring at us right in the face here. So, that's going to be the key level that we're key structure that we're looking out for next week. Its key level is at 47868. Again, aggressive sellers, you can be looking for that sell over here, something like this, looking to play back to this daily no change level. I think that's reasonable. Uh I'm not going to just scale into this. I'm going to look for this kind of a setup on the day time frame. Um but this is the area for trade if you're looking for to be an an aggressive seller. Okay. And but again, a buyer, you're just playing off of here still, right? Because if you reject from here this supply, then the odds of us looking for more balance are good. And but however, as long as we're holding over this structure over here, then these buyers bigger picture are doing just fine. So something along these lines, I think, would be pretty reasonable uh for buyers. All right. Something like this. Just a loose outline, something like that. Okay, that's uh pretty much it. Monthly time frame, space for a lower high under the all-time high 540.81. Weekly time frame, h you got a little bit of space too as well under 493.62. And again, what we care about primarily is can these buyers hold over these demand zones that were created last week. Moving on to the rut here. So the right is this is also a very notable failure for the rut RTY uh IWM sellers whichever one you trade to not touch down on the point of control of this guy over here which was affirmed so many times throughout all of this balance over here right from 2022 into 2024 many many times this structure was tested and traded through to the other side. So the low of last week was pretty much just a drop and pop at the high of this structure at the high of this guy this guy over here. Okay. So, if that continues to be the case, again, that would be a very notable failure for the sellers to not make it down to that key structure. That being said, what is our key upside reference? It's the daily no change level 19549. I think it's if you're going to be a seller in the in aggressive seller, you probably want to do it in the rut. Like the rut is a much do it in the rut. Like the rut is a much do it in the rut. Like the rut is a much more reasonable place to be looking to be an aggressive seller using this structure over here. Uh, I'm going to leave these references up because they've just been such good guides. But you could, if you wanted to update it to this, uh, local supply as well, but, you know, we can just use our eyes, right, and see that it's going to tell us a pretty similar story. So, we'll just go ahead and set it up like this. And I think a sell, if you're going to be an aggressive seller, it's it should probably be in the rut, right? So, something like this, I think, makes a lot of sense. We just really want to return to where the volume picks back up. So, something like that, I think, is very reasonable. So, this is the key supply. Key upside reference is 19549. Key downside reference is 16781. So we it's not even been tested yet, but the idea is that's the point of control of this bell over here. So if the sellers can find acceptance under the point of control of 16781, that would affirm this as supply, then we should expect price action similar to this what's happened over here. Okay. So um that's pretty much it here for the brut. Uh buys are reasonable, too, but I'm I'm much more hesitant to be a buyer in the rut right now than I than I am anywhere else. So, I'm not even going to set that up. Now, moving on to the Dow here. Um, okay. So, for the Dow, uh, let's see here. So, the Dow, bigger picture, here's that major high from 2022. Again, a drop and pop there is pretty good. Look for buyers. You're probably looking for like pullback plays over here. Did I say pullback? Pullback plays over here. Something like this would be pretty reasonable. Looking to just trade sideways like this, right? If we reject from this local supply and then come back down and revisit a few lows, you want to make the uh create some like you want to leave some wiggle room for the potential of a lower low that lacks follow through because it's not about the level breaking, it's about acceptance under it. So something like this I think would be pretty reasonable even if we came back down to revisit these lows espec it's essentially just looking for some balance plays knowing that balance above above all of this knowing that the market can do this kind of choppy thing very often like for example what is this low if not just a back test of this big chunk over here. So, it's very likely that we if if that's going to happen, if we're going to print lows that's roughly off these highs, there's the potential that we revisit the lows just like this lower low that like follow through, just like this lower low that like follow through. We might be looking at a situation where right here right now. You see what I'm saying? So, as long as we're bouncing over this big structure, the Dow is doing just fine. I'm a little bit hesitant again to be a seller in the Dow. Of course, these are the, you know, the mega caps or whatnot. So, I would prefer to be a seller in the rut. And that's, you know, I'm sure if you've noticed by now by the reviews that we've done, um, for the trades during the week, I've been primarily focused on the rut for sales and then primarily focused on the the ES and the ENQ. Not always, but for the most part. Um, and so that's uh that's really it for the for the Dow. I don't really care to hit a sell here to be completely honest with you. I I I think with the exemptions to the tech sector, you you probably see the tech firm up on Monday, I would imagine. And you know markets like to climb a wall of worry right now, right? And so you know the then the question becomes like what is there really to worry about now? Like if the it seems like you know the China tariffs are kind of on pause here like they're going tit fortat here. They're not going to back down. And so far it seems like you know the administration is starting to roll back its aggress aggressiveness right with like the 90-day push back and exemptions and whatnot. So, it's hard to imagine what could come out next. That would be it. Certainly more stuff could come out, but it's hard to imagine like what what what could be worse. So, we'll see. The market again likes to climb a wall of worry. So, I think the potential for the market to just kind of grind up higher a little bit as long as there's not major changes, right, in the administration's um approach to, you know, global trade. I I think the potential for us to grind higher is is is is there like the market probably got too short off of all of that fear, you know. So now afterwards what tends to happen is that people keep worrying about the fear. But if there's no real new development that should inspire new fear, then that's kind of when you get that grandy situation. So we shall see. It's kind of like the back in 2020 when there when we did the original uh trade wars with China. Um there were constantly headlines of trade wars, trade wars, tariffs, whatever. And the market just kept grinding higher of course until COVID hit. So, it's feeling like that's kind of a similar situation to to what we're seeing right now, but we'll have to see and take it moment by moment, of course. Moving on to the dollar. The dollar didn't come into our trade zone, but it did come into our old trade zone, the buy zone from way back when, this is a super super key spot for the dollar because if you do find acceptance under this structures point of control, which is what held for all of these lows throughout the balance, throughout all of this balance over here, that would be a pretty big ship. But at the same time, if you zoom out, you know, the dollar has just kind of been trading sideways forever anyway, right? It's just like it's it's it's just been a big old chop zone. So, even if we do break down from this area over here, all we would be expecting then is to come revisit the the lows of this structure. Okay. So, basically, acceptance under this guy, acceptance under here under 99.80 should have us looking for the dollar sellers to make their way back down to 90 bucks here. Okay. So, or 90 USD against the basket of other currencies. Anyway, so that's um pretty much it for the uh dollar, excuse me. Um I still think responsive trade is reasonable. Like if you were aggressive here and recycle this trade zone, I think that's fine, right? There is still the potential that we just stay within here, especially because so far just a drop and pop below. So, we shall see. And if you do get a pop out of here see. And if you do get a pop out of here see. And if you do get a pop out of here and you did initiate in here, you know, I would definitely look to trim this position up no later than here first, right? 100.975. Let's say your average is here. That would be a pretty decent move on the dollar futures, right? So, I would chop that up, throw a stop. You see that? The average would not have been great actually for that. So, you'd have to take off more than half. So ideally you didn't take that trade unless you know that your hit rate is better than uh you know 50% that you don't then you know because you you're not really getting that very good R on that. So yeah hopefully you just didn't take it then right because you don't want to take trades that with R that don't match your hit rate. Um okay so what are we talking about here? That's pretty much it. Space for a daily high. Anything under uh 103.310 is going to be good for another uh daily ride high. Okay, so that is pretty much it. If you want to be a more conservative buyer for the dollar, you can wait, right? Let these buyers uh wait and see if these buyers will push off against 99.80, create some space such that if you were to come back down here, things would get extended for a potential higher low and then you look to be playing to that side. I like that a lot better than um being aggressive here because again, the R wasn't that good playing back to the breakdown level 10 0.975. All right. So, this setup over here, for example, this first target was just based off of revisiting these highs over here and back testing this low. And that was actually not great. R was I think it should have been here. It was supposed to be here. It must have been adjusted. Yeah, that was 2 R. Uh, moving on to NVDA. So, MVDA, like I was saying, you know, for so long now, if you're going to be a buyer in NVDA, it's it should be off of this structure, right? Like this is the we're potentially looking at a very large period of consolidation where the market or this market is kind of just trading sideways. And so if that's going to be the case, this this structure was already affirmed back here. There's a lot of volume traded here. And so that's why, you know, we gave you this trade zone um as such, and that's worked out quite well right now. So at this point, you should pull any bids for lower, walk your stop up to this local low, and then if you get stopped out, that's fine. You still walk away with a very solid win here. Now, that being said, what do these buyers want to see going forward? You do not want to come back down into here, right? You don't want to come back down under 97.40. So, if we do start seeing some retracement here, buyers want to see this high continue to be affirmed. So, if you're managing your position um and you've already taken some profits, what you want to do now or what I would suggest that you do is wait for some daily balance to occur and then if it breaks out, then you can walk your stop up just like that Tesla trade that we did way back when we're being very patient, waiting for daily demand and break up before walking our stop up and that ended up being like, you know, hundreds of percent uh winner. That's same idea here. We don't want to choke this trade. Once you get your position on, you've taken your risk out, there's no reason to be very aggressive with your walk with walking up your stop. Especially if you've taken enough out of the off the position that you'll profit, even if you stop out the remaining position, then you might as well give this trade a little bit of room. You don't want to choke the trade. Give it some room to work. So, I would I would not walk the stop up to anything above this low until you create a little bit of daily demand and then break out. I'm not interested in being a seller in NVDA. I don't I'm not super confident that the low is in, but I'm just not I'm just not going to bet long-term against MVDA ever. Like just they're from a fundamental perspective, it just makes zero sense. Their financials are crazy right now. They're potentially going to attack the user like the consumer level market again. Like they're they kind of have not really cared about uh you know regular old users like you and I for a long time because they've been focused on data centers. But from what I understand, they have a release later in the year for a new APU, a new ARMbased APU. So, um, I would not be surprised if that ends up being a pretty solid product. We shall see. Moving on to Bitcoin here. So, for Bitcoin, this is very, very notable and I I put a tweet out about it because, you know, and I've been talking about it in these videos as well. Super notable that we did not come back and back to 73835.57. That is definitely the goal for the sellers is to negate this big old breakout. And so to continue failing to get here and getting caught up where there's just this tiny little bit of 4day balance or whatnot on the way up is a very notable failure on these sellers parts. But that being said, what do we care about for upside references? 89541.25. Need acceptance over 89541.25 to bring us back to expecting this kind of price action up here. Right? All of this over here. Um what is that? Right? That was just sideways trade that was uh these buyers defending this structure over here. So key upside reference 89541.25 key downside reference 72 rather 73835.57 and then 72082.40. I think we had two trade zones right set up like sandwich right now. So this one is already um done pretty well for you. This one's also doing pretty well for you. I would just continue to work this same these same two trade zones at this point. Again, if you use this the the the trade zone for the buys, probably want to walk that stop up, right? and then pull any bids for lower, walk that stop up to here and then wait for there to be some daily bounce and breakout before you look to walk it up. And the reverse is true for these cells, but you know, we've already discussed that. So, you should already be positioned well for um the cells. Okay. Um all right. So, space break daily higher low anything over uh 74553.01 will be good for one. And you know this is the fact that we didn't come back down so far that we these buyers have sellers have failed to touch down on this back test over here increases the potential this monthly higher low is going to be set you know so I think right now this is how much of a retracement it's not even to the 50. So they missed getting to the 50. I'm on log. I'm pretty much always on lock but if you're on linear then they did break the 50 and miss the golden. But um that's pretty much it for Bitcoin. Moving on to Ethereum. So Ethereum I still think is a very reasonable trade zone. Like if you're going to be a seller in crypto out of Bitcoin or Ethereum, it should be in Ethereum, right? Because this is a lot of supply over here. This is pretty much the gateway into all of this. Well, technically, this is the gateway into all of this. So, if you don't get back over this, then we should expect price action similar to all of this, you know. So, I still maintain this is a very reasonable trade zone for ETH buyers or ETH, I guess. Anything under um 214.21 is going to be good for that weekly lower high. And there's also a lot of space for a monthly lower high as well. anything under uh three 4109. I think honestly Ethereum if they don't start releasing like some you know programs or whatever to to to bring some hype back into the space and I kind of feel like soul and is kind of eating their lunch here a little bit. Yeah. So we'll see nothing is really eating Bitcoin's lunch, you know. So I think it's more reasonable to be a seller in Ethereum uh than it is in Bitcoin. Okay. And then finally for URA. So URA entering this trade zone here. It would be pretty notable for these buyers to just, you know, pop right back over it. So I still maintain this is a very reasonable trade zone. Essentially looking for a weekly lower high, I believe. Uh yeah, essentially looking for a weekly lower high with anything under 25.78 being good for one. It's certainly a very notable bounce, right? So it definitely doesn't feel like it would be a terribly easy sell. So again, this is a situation where rather than just scaling into it, probably easier for you to look for failures to hold above 2 3.13 and then take that setup, you know, if you have like a lower time frame edge that you trade, um, for me it would be like a div.a failure on on the session or a session to session setup. So like if you got one session above 23.13, but you don't see fall through over it. So like maybe like you open under 23.13 move above it but then close right back down under it again and then the next session it's weak from a session to session perspective okay then I would be more interested in doing something like that for URA but as the general framework general trade zone or whatnot I still maintain that this is a very reasonable place to be looking for that trade looking for all of this supply to reject buyers and if they do do that then they should be trying to come back down here. Okay. So, that's pretty much it. Um, for uh review, I think the the the biggest thing or the mo Yeah, the the most important concept of last week for me is um you know, if you are like if you agree with me and you think, okay, well, we should be focusing on like short-term mindset stuff and um like daytime frame stuff and then also be working on our retirement accounts or whatnot, then um how do you handle the daytime frame stuff, right? because I think right now it's a lot easier to stay short-term uh mindset with stuff. And so if that's going to be the case, then you you have to be willing to play to targets and not trying to go for these um home runs, right? Which is exactly what I did for the ENQ on I forget Monday. It was on Monday. I I didn't have a lot of time in the session. I knew that because I had I had an appointment. So I needed to be on the 11:30 train from my place. So um yeah, so I knew I didn't have that much time. And so what is the trade that was presented to me on Monday's open and it was uh over here it was selling the ENQ pass back down under the open why which is uh David actually put that on first and I followed him two minutes later uh technically with a it's a better R setup but you know shout out to David that was a good trade as well but um so it was over here right it was right here you pass back down under Right. Okay. So, that's a pretty reasonable sell to be over here, but I knew that it was very expensive. It was 50 points to be over there. So, I was kind of hesitant to to put that much risk on going with momentum on a gap down that was already a pretty large gap down because very often on large gap downs, you get a gap in a whole situation. So, this was a pretty big gap down already. Rather, it was over here. Pretty big gap down already and it was a third gap down. So, you know, the odds of these sellers seeing a lot of follow-through on the third gap down after a huge decline in the indices was really not that great. So, I was again thinking very short-term mindset. I want to play from a daily reference to another daily reference. And you'll notice that the open was pretty much right on the 2021 high, which is also the same as this point of control that we've been talking about for a while. The point of control of this structure over here, excuse me, that was oscillating over this 2021 high. So, we open right at that structures point of control. And so if we're going to sell a move down back under the open to join the momentum to join the sellers like the the selling momentum, where should we be playing to? Right? We should be trying to play to the next key daily level which just happened to be the low of the day and the low of the move at the moment. So I'll walk you through that. It's just a I I said a with you two minutes later on the pop and drop over the open. And that's because over here on this pop and drop, right? So move over the open and then failure. That's much better risk, right? It's much lower risk. I was a little bit late to the to to to the sell I believe but still that was 14 points compared to like 50 points if you do this pass back under here even more. So um that was that was the play and this looks like a tiny little candle but this is so many points of range. It was pretty wild. This is 70 or so points of range. So I sold that move back down under the open chopped it up at development value area low. Chopped it up at the low of the day and then the last exit was at that um uh value area low. Right. So said with you on the pop and drop. Um should have done the ES. I think it was showing us some relative weakness. I chopped the the DVEL. I was out more at the looking for more out above the low of the day. And the last one originally I was looking out for the O and L. But then I realized that the the value area low of the 2020 the structure sitting on the 20 21 high was actually above the O and L. So I figured okay I'll just come out of it if that is the case. I I wasn't quite sure because at that point we weren't we weren't quite down there yet. And it was actually over there. So I just market it out at 43 and 43 is right here. Okay. So again, if you want to join, you know, if you want to trade alongside a bunch of folks, not to say that we want people to copy trade, David beat me, you know, like he this David has spent a lot of time learning bowling profile, learning market profile, and technically he was, you know, quicker on the draw, you know. So it's not as if we want you to copy. We want you to learn how to do this so that you can do it yourself and sometimes, you know, better than than we do, you know. So, um, anyway, that's that's really it. That for me, that was the biggest lesson of the week that we want to be playing to these targets. Don't be super greedy, especially when you're just working on the daytime frame, uh, uh, operations. And because volatility is so high right now, you really don't need to be, you know, aiming for super far targets to get really good dollar trades. Of course, the R is still important, which is why again, you know, waiting for setups that have really good R like, you know, again, this was a much better R doing this pass back under, you know, over here. The caveat to that, of course, is I could have missed, right? Like, if it didn't come back and pop and drop, I don't get that setup. I just miss it. And I just have to say kudos to David. Nice job for getting it. And and I, you know, I would have been very happy. You know, I love seeing other folks get something that I miss. So, um, that's really it. I had trade on Tuesday too, but I don't really It was a trade. I mean, how long is this right now? 32 minutes. It was a bearish trade. I mean, I think it's good or I thought it was good activity. I don't know. It doesn't really go along with um you know what I what what I think the key takeaway for for the week was, but I guess we can go over it. Let's see. Did the pair trade. It was selling the RTY pass back under the open. And so, remember, like I said, I've been focusing as a seller on the rut, right? I I know that the last one was ENQ, but that was just a momentum style trade and I knew that I had to be gone. So, I just took the trade that was in front of me. But for the rut on Tuesday, we were over here. Oops. On Tuesday, we were over here, right? And so, the idea was all right. Well, if we're going to uh if we're going to open up really strong, hang on, let me let me re try to remember what was going on here. Okay, so yeah, we're up here and so we are flirting with a test of this of uh the high of the prior session, right? And so if there is going to be uh more balance, then it would make sense for it to start with a move back down under the open. And the open was is a really cheap uh play. So I figured, all right, well, if they're going to not be able to advance right off the jump because what do these buyers have to get done right now, right? The buyers, if they want to stay constructed, they need to hold over this guy. So if you're going to open up super strong over here, what do you want to see, right? You want to see, and I think the overnight activity was like 100% um net long as well, I believe. And so you'd want there to be, hang on a second, let me just make sure. Yeah, it was 100% net long. So you would expect there to be some corrective activity. So essentially, I was looking to play to that corrective activity. And if you are I mean playing for that corrective activity. And if you are going to play for that corrective activity, where should they be trying to get to? They should be trying to get to the breakout point right over this high over here. So that's really all that was. It wasn't that big of a deal. Um I sold it. There was some broke lab, whatever. I took the risk out before the test of the March 4th high. And the reason why I took the risk out of the March 4th high was because this session over here, right, the the two the uh two the Monday session, here's the the high. First of all, this session was essentially trying to both negate and affirm this uh April 4th session. So, I figured, all right, well, if we if these sellers are are going to start running into problems, then it's probably going to be here first. And so, I just take the risk out there and I chopped it up. And then at the same time, I did the pair trade. I bought the ES pass back over the daily point of control. I I didn't have the uh date marked up at that point, but that was just this guy over here. So again, I'm looking to play primarily off of daily levels. And over here on Tuesday, pass back over the point of control. That was this 51890 level. So let me just zoom in, I guess. Um that was over here, 51890. And then looking for a chop under the open. I chopped it and then I I I took out more at yesterday's regular hour regular trading hours high and then I think I stopped the ES runner and it was just like I walked the stop up. This is just a one minute time frame. So it's like I'll show you the vault has been so crazy that these trades they look like nothing. They look like really small moves but because the vault has been so high they're actually they're actually quite substantial. So we buy this pass back over the pass back over let me show you what it looks like here is here right? So pass back over this 51890 level. So that's this is the 15-minute candles. So it would look like this, right? It's over here, right? This guy over here. We're moving on this. So it's relatively off of this low. So you buy this pass back over. Stop is over here. You chop it up at yesterday's regular trading hours high. You walk the stop up on the one minute time frame. Okay. Let me just drop a line so it's easier to see. Go over here. All right. So, that is just buy the pass back over. Look for a chop under the open. The open is over here. All right. So, just looking to get a pair trade. Buy the pass back. Chop it up at the open. Uh, walk the stop up, right? Walk the stop up to here and then you get stopped out. And that was that's 40 plus points. So, the VA has been so high that this is the kind of trading on the daytime frame that I think you know people should be focused on right now. The R on that was really good. buying this pass back over, right? Even if you're really late to the party here, give and even if you're giving a little bit of wiggle room, just to get to the open is 1.8R, you know. So, that was uh quite good in my opinion. And that was it. I was still in the RTY cell at at 10:45. And then finally, I said at 11:00, okay, I'm out at the breakout point from yesterday. And the breakout point from yesterday was just this high over here. So, that was also a pretty solid move, another 30 or points or so. So anyway, that's that's been my key takeaway from um last week. It also I mean I I made plays on Wednesday too, but they're just scalps. Um so doesn't doesn't really fit the uh key idea for the week. And then Thursday and Friday I didn't do anything really. Thursday was uh I had to do the morning stream to cover for Denzy. And then uh Friday was just a balance day and I just didn't really have a lot of clarity in any of that because I mean just look at it, right? It was just choppiness for the other, you know, for into the end of the week. So, you know, you don't always have to take trade. In fact, you probably shouldn't be taking trade every day. Is if your edge isn't there, it's not there, you know, and it's most edges don't present themselves every I I shouldn't say most, many edges um don't present themselves every day. So, anyway, that's pretty much it. Um appreciate you guys tuning in. Uh if you are interested in the uh swing report, which is just two novel trade ideas, very similar to the MVDA idea, right? you know, those this pretty much exactly what I sent, you know, set up for you guys like this every all the time. Two more novel ideas sent to your inbox every single week. Any idea that I trade myself, I will do a playbyplays for it. Any ideas that Dan trades, he'll do playbyplays for it as well. Give you an update and whatnot. So, if you're interested in that swing report links in the description below, otherwise appreciate y'all sharing some of your time and energy um with me. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, that would be awesome. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. And that's uh pretty much it. So, hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see y'all next time. Go.