============================================================
Video: rXFK-qh1QcI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Can Anything Stop Buyers?
Date: 2025-06-29
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9117
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:31.399482
============================================================

Another week and another fear headline. This time it is trade discussions with Canada being terminated based off of a tax that they want to charge uh American tech firms. So will this finally be the impetus for the elevator down uh that the bears have been hoping for after buyers have been climbing a wall of worry since the April low? Or uh do buyers still have more in the tank? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we will address those issues and more. So, uh, let's get into it here. Um, all right. So, first things first, uh, if this is your first time here, then, you know, you might think that I'm going to bog you down with some fundamental uh, developments, but if this is not your first time here, then, you know, uh, we don't really care about any of that. Uh, the market doesn't really care per se about news. And the market is kind of always looking forward to what the state of the economy will be like in a few quarters or so. And as long as things look resilient, jobs data is good, inflation isn't running away, then the market typically isn't going to care about any kind of like random news events, particularly when it's um something like this trade deal situation, which is kind of like the on again, off again, will they, won't they, uh pattern that we've seen ever since the first uh Trump presidency, right, where a lot of the China tariffs were kicked down the road and then some exceptions were made And then when it was all said and done, there were actually very few tariffs that went through. Um it's very similar to then and we've been talking about this in these videos, you know, for months now. Um what I was saying, you know, the most likely situation for a lot of these tariffs is likely uh that nothing will be done that will kick the can down the road. And the administration did signal that last week that the July uh 9th deadline, you know, they're open to extending it. So, seems like this is the same old song and dance and ultimately what we care about. Um, especially ever since we've come out the April low, uh, as you might recall, if again, if it's not your first time, hang on. I think this is lagging. So, I'm just going to switch over to the desktop software. Not sure why the browser uh, is lagging, but if anybody out there knows, let me know because the software works fine, but for whatever reason, the browser recently started lagging for Trading View. Um anyway, so what we care about primarily is this daily no change level, right? Throughout all of the headlines throughout what I don't remember Elon and Trump beefing and there was Iran obviously being bombed last week. Um you know, potentially dragging the US into another forever war where we attempt to change regimes in the Middle East. That would obviously not be great. But as of right now, uh what else? There was like other trade war stuff, negotiations with the UK falling apart, negotiations with China falling apart, whatever. All those fear headlines that were on the way up. We were just following one very simple metric, one very simple um practice, right? What are we doing? We're just looking at, okay, well, no matter what the news is, what kind of change does that news create? And if there's not meaningful change, technically speaking, then we we don't really care, right? And so if you'll recall the first the first week where we we spoke about the market potentially climbing a wall of worry I believe was April 13th. So you can just go back and watch watch this video from back then. And it was after this big old breakout. I was presenting the potential that given the size of this bar, given the fear coming into it, that there was the potential that the market would now start climbing a wall of worry, meaning that bad news headlines or whatnot would cause some knee-jerk reactions in the market. But if if these buyers could not get back to negating breakouts, right? So this was the breakout, they had to negate it by finding acceptance back under uh 525.87, then we weren't really going to be concerned. And then that new level became 54428 after this breakout over this high. That new level became the next new level became 55652. After this breakout, they held it perfectly to a T. The next level became 57031. They still have yet to come back and back test it. And then recently we've been watching these two levels, right? We've been caring about this guy, this daily breakout point, and then also this the high of this much larger area of demand. And of course, the recent lows, particularly the low from last week was simply just a move back down under that level that did not find acceptance. So what does that mean? This was a notable failure on the sellers to not be able to negate this breakout, right? Especially after we balanced for a long time. So that was essentially the sellers trying to muster up their strength and then they go for this push and they didn't they couldn't they couldn't gain any ground, right? Just like what happened at the end of last week uh two weeks prior I should say, right? If you recall from last week's video, we were saying, okay, the sellers are positioned really well now to negate this breakout. All they have to do next week is to continue to punch it and find acceptance under 593.20, which is very similar to our current situation, right? Because we were looking at this level for two reasons, right? We were looking at this level because it's a daily breakout point, but also because it's the point of control of this structure here sitting on top of all this demand over here. So, this point of control rejection was also made for a daily lower high or daily high, right? It was a lower high as well, but in this situation, it also made for a daily high here, right? The high of all of this balance over here was off of the all-time high supplies point of control. So, now after this breakout on Tuesday, what do we care about, right? We just care about this guy now. 60506 and 60483. As long as these buyers can hold over 60506, then this Tuesday breakout, the June 24th breakout continues to be affirmed, no problems. And because it's pretty much the same level as the all-time high uh structure as point of control, it also would mean that the buyers are affirming this structure as demand, the prior all-time high structure as demand. So what is the implication of that? That means that higher prices relative to the prior all-time high structure are being accepted, right? So we're building value above where the last value was established at the record high, right? So obviously that's a bullish um situation. Now we have another gap below us that remains unfilled. You know, it is something to be mindful of, right? Like when you start to see a ton of gaps that just, you know, remain unfilled. Um it can suggest that buyers are just kind of getting ahead of themselves here, right? So we do want to be mindful of the potential of a liquidation break. But even on the weekly time frame right now, there's not really any uh sign of that, I would say. So, we shall see. We'll take it one day at a time. As of right now, market broke to a new record high. There's really no reason to doubt these buyers right now. And if you're, you know, part of our futures room or part of our um Slack community in general, then you've heard me say this countless times, you just buy us long, right? As long as the daily time frame, the the break on the daily time frame is being affirmed, you can simply just buy us long. It doesn't mean you buy every anywhere in the session, you know, as you can just look at the trade routes at the end of the these videos to see like what kind of context I like. I like when the daily time frame the breakouts being affirmed and from a session to session perspective the breakouts also being affirmed. So you want to see these buyers from a session to session perspective be advancing by holding over yesterday's point of control and ideally over yesterday's regular trading hours high and also you want these daily breakout points to not be negated. And as long as that's the case uh daytime frame operators you can just continue to buy low. Um all right so that's that's that's really it. That was actually quite a mouthful I believe. But um at this point now these buyers have a lot of space over 591.89 to establish a daily higher low. And again the best case scenario would be for them to establish that higher low over here. I mean technically the best case scenario is to not even get back under 61323. If these buyers can just keep holding over the prior all-time high structure. Of course that's ideal. The next best case scenario would be to hold over the value area high of the prior all-time high structure 60821 which would mean that we're continuing to move value higher relative to the prior all-time high structure. And the next best case scenario would be to hold over uh 60483 the point of control of this prior all-time high uh structure because that would mean that these buyers are positioned well to continue to move value higher uh relative to the prior alltime high structure. So it's really all about where is value moving, right? Price is just an advertising mechanism and what we should also care about is value, right? Everybody kind of has an intuitive understanding of what value is, right? Price is not is just a advertising tool, right? When you go to a store, right, and something goes on sale, right, what are they trying to do, right? They're lowering their price to advertise to you to be a buyer, right? And if you are trying to sell something like on eBay or an auction house or whatever, what are what's going on, right? You're you're the price is going higher to try to entice these people to be more willing to sell their goods. That's the whole function of of the auction. And that's all the market is. the market is just a two-way auction where you're constantly asking price down or or rather uh yeah bidding price up to look for sellers and asking price down in order to uh look for buyers. So um that's pretty much it. Um yeah, that's pretty much it. So at this point now uh well I said we pretty much covered everything. So moving on to the Q's here. Uh the Q's lagged behind No, I'm sorry. The the spy was lagging behind the cues a little bit. The Q's broke to a new high a little bit before a few days before and so again this is pretty much the best case scenario. So look at what happened here on Tuesday. We gapped up to above the daily no change level and then as whenever you gap up right that's change that is a notable change right the overnight session created change relative to the prior sessions regular trading hours range. So of course whenever you gap up change has occurred relative to yesterday's session right and so the objective for the sellers whenever you gap up is to try to fill the gap and how much gap you fill is very indicative of how strong that selling is. If you can't fill the gap at all and if you can't even come back to touch the value area low of this all-time high structure over here which was exactly where these buyers had problems over here well then how strong are these sellers? You know they're not very strong. So, um, as of right now, the seller, there's just not really any strong selling going on in the market. And there's a lot of space now for a daily higher low over 523.65. Anything over that will be good for one. And the best case scenario going forward, if the sellers enter the market and we do see some retracement, it's all about 538 uh 05 05. Can these buyers continue to affirm this structure as demand? Affirming this structure as demand keeps them positioned well to just continue plucking away at new highs. And additionally 53805 is over the new daily no change level. If buyers can hold over 536.78, then this breakout from June 24th continues to be affirmed. There's no red flags. No problem here. All right. So I'm thinking these buyers probably try to come with a monthly R2. I think the same I'm thinking the same thing for the uh ES the spy. That's what I think their next objective should be. And that's just based off the pivot point methodology. Um it's a very straightforward form of technical analysis. Try to get measured moves out here. Oh, I'm sorry. I got to keep it on the daily here. Yeah. So, I'm thinking 61982 should be their objective. Although, there's not much time left on the month. So, we'll see what next month brings. Um, we can also be looking out into the uh yearly chart and look for the R1 64129 for the year, which is a reasonable target after we held the S1, right? So, if you just look back in time, these pivot points, they offer pretty good guidance when price is breaking into new all-time highs. So, for example, we made this new high here back in 2020 and price got caught up at the R1 for the year after holding the pivot. Let's just, you know, quick uh quick look at that. So, anyways, moving on to moving on to the brut here. So, the rut, obviously, a lot of relative weakness here. If you're going to be a seller in this market, it's probably going to be in the rut. At least if you're trading the the you know, the main indices that we watch here, the ES, the ENQ, and the rut, it's probably in the rut. But even right now, there's not really a reason to be an aggressive seller in the rut because you don't even have any daily overhead supply at this point. Now, the rut has now made a new high as well. And excuse me, and is chipping away at the supply established from uh December 18th to February 26th of last year. This big old block of supply over here is the inventory that the buyers need to absorb in order to try to catch up to their peers and have a go at this all-time high here. So, you have really just these two key structures left. And so as of right now, these buyers are chipping away at the supply as long as they're holding over uh see it's this line over here 21397. Additionally, this breakout on Tuesday is being affirmed as long as they're holding over 211.95. And you can see how Wednesday's session was a pretty much a perfect back test of this level. I'm I'm telling you this is probably one of the most straightforward ways to remain to offer you clarity in to in regards to what kind of direction of bias to have, right? You just look from at the market from the perspective of change. What kind of change just occurred? And is that change being negated? If that change is not being negated, just keep going with that change until of course it is negated. Then we we reassess the context. Potentially we flip. Bare minimum we pause. Right? At the bare minimum we stop, let the market shake itself, you know, shake out a little bit and then and then we'll look to um you know uh take some action after we have some clarity or after the market shows as its hand essentially. But as of right now, these buyers are doing just fine. Space for a higher low over 211.89. The key downside reference next week is going to be 211.95. And the key upside reference, I'm looking at 21841, which is just this price action resistance over here, which is like this little consolidation of this breakdown from the high of the range. And then the value area low of the structure 21940 and the Bahuna 225.99. Acceptance over 225.99 keeps these buyers positioned really well for a go at the all-time high structure that was established back at the end of last year. Um, so anyway, to answer the question in the beginning, right, we don't really care about the fear headlines. You know, every week there's a a fear headline, and you know, I may play into it with the title, and I certainly don't mean to offend anybody with with the titles. I I I wasn't suggesting that anybody should be nuked. Obviously, I don't want anybody to be nuked. Um, but even if the buyers were nuked, it's a figure of speech, you know, like uh I I really didn't mean to, but um it's it's the internet, you know, there's more things to worry about than uh what one knucklehead names their their internet videos. Um but yeah, I do I do apologize if if if I offended you. Was not my intention. Anyway, um and and honestly, you know, no matter who gets nobody wins, you know, like nobody wins if if if if a nuke drops, right? It's it's escalatory, creates environmental issues. Obviously, I don't want that. But anyway, um just trying to grab that attention. It's the internet. So, anyway, that's pretty much it for uh IWM. I think there was one positive comment and one negative comment about about the headline last week. So, it's like, you know, it's like that meme, right? There's like two kinds of people in this world. Um anyway, moving on to the Dow here. So, the Dow uh also playing as a bit of a lagard here, right? It did not it did not touch the test the all-time high yet. We still have this all-time high structure. We actually have quite a bit of supply. I don't even have this one marked up, but this is also, you know, a structure that we need to be paying attention to first. In fact, we can hide this for clarity first. Uh here, I'll just hide all of this first. We'll group it up and we'll just call it the all-time high structure. Then we can just hide it for now because there's still one more structure below the all-time high structure that we really should care about. This guy over here currently approaching a test of it. These buyers currently approaching a test of it. And hang on a second here. Right. So, we're in this guy. We still have this guy above. I I don't really care to mark this one up because, you know, it's obviously we're obviously in there. We should honestly change this structure as well. Like this one, we should care about this local structure here now. All right? Because as long as this local daily demand zone is supportive of price, then this daily chart is fine. All right? I don't, you know, I don't really care so much about daily lower highs and lower lows. So, for example, over here when you get this little lower high and lower low, I know that's a price action downtrend technically, right? If you are a Dan man purist, um, and I I I don't I don't I don't argue with that. But the idea for me is, well, what about this area of demand that was established, right? All of this balance is just affirming this breakout as long as there's no acceptance back under 41775. So, for me, this is not a problem. You know, as long as this daily lower high and lower low doesn't get under here, no big deal. Now, if we were to have instead fallen under that high, then set the lower high against this high and then made a lower low. Okay, that would be different, right? So, I just like to contextualize price action trends within order blocks, rectangles, darvis box, whatever you want to call them, sideways trade, balance, you know, it's all the same, different names for the same thing, a rose by any other name, right? Um, anyway, so the new daily no change level is now this guy. Obviously, we didn't the price didn't retrace back into our conservative trade zone. I don't hate moving this up to something like this and playing to get to the point of control of the all-time high structure. I don't hate this. Something like this is pretty reasonable for the Dow heading into next week. Um, and as of right now, what do we care about primarily? There's no red flags. As long as buyers can hold over 432.06, 06 and as long as they can hold over 422.57 the point of control of this local daily demand zone then they're positioned well to have a go at the all-time high structure or rather the uh the lieutenant of the all-time high structure. Okay, so that's pretty much it. Again, space for a daily higher low just like its other indicy uh peers 41962. Anything over that's going to be good for a daily higher low. The dollar made a new low. So where where' our box go? That's weird. Um, could have swore we had this uh top fish against the supplies. So, maybe I deleted it by accident. Either way, that one is shaking out. Okay, so the idea was just the fact that okay, well, we're creating supply breakdown supply breakdown supply breakdown. And so, looking for a another move down, right? As long as this supply zone was uh being resistant. And so, as of right now, it is the case. And now, we've made a lower low. There's space for a daily lower high under 99.015. The new daily no change level is now 97.130. So sellers technically need to continue holding under 97130 to affirm this breakdown from Thursday. They don't have that much space to defend. And you can see how there was already a battle for it, right? Like this, I'm telling you, this is just how the market works. Whenever you make a new low, right, this is change that's occurred. And so what should happen is now the seller should try to defend that change. Defend the change. Defend the change. Defend the change. Defend the change. And so as long as they're holding on to 97.130, then they should be looking to advance down to this guy over here, the next area of demand, 96.075 being that key point of control lower. Okay, so very notable. My my friends across uh you know, overseas or whatever, they're they're loving this, right? A dollar is now cheap and uh they they're loving the exchange rate. All right, so that's pretty much it. Moving on to we'll cover gold for our friend Benito who asked for it in the comments. Um, okay. So, gold is still doing just fine, right? All of this balance is still very healthy because essentially all of this balance is just consolidating this breakout, right? This big old breakout from April 11th being affirmed as long as you're holding over 3201.6. Again, this is fine, right? If you look at on the weekly time frame or the monthly time frame, I should say, it just so far just looks a high and tight consolidation. Now, whether or not we can continue to stay healthy, it's it's again all about 3201.6. We don't know. You never know if this consolidation will end um in a breakdown. But even if we break down under 320 1.6, it's a matter of acceptance, right? Can these sellers find acceptance back below there? And if not, then it's just business as usual, just like what happened over here. Yes, you break back down under the level, but there's no acceptance. You pop back over it. We get back to affirming this breakout. Okay. So, I don't hate bottom fishing plays here. Like, I think it's probably easier if you were to wait for um the break under 320 1.6 and then look for a low time frame setup off of that level. I don't know if it ever set up like that on this move down. Let's take a look. Um, not really, right? I guess you had an attempt over here. So, you break down under it, see a big move over it. You can make this play over here, buying that pass back over it, chop it up at the last next area of supply, stop out the rest, and then over here, it kind of would have made you work for it, right? Like it would not have been the easiest trade, honestly, unless you were using kind of a zone here, something like this, right? using all of this demand here, thinking, okay, well, as long as we hold over this demand zone, then that would essentially mean we're affirming a hold over this high and then we can try to play to the other side of the range. I don't hate something like that. So, first things first though, what you want to see first is a move back down under 3201.6 not fall through, pop back above, and then you're looking for that higher low. Um, and that's pretty much it for gold. Moving on to NVDA. So, NVDA, man, this one probably the the freebie of the year, right? We gave out this trade zone. We gave out these both of these trade zones. Um, obviously they're very similar trade zones. And at this point now, what I think what we recommended last week was to walk up a stop for any runner that you have no later than under this low. Now that you've had this breakout, I don't hate walking it to under 137.40. Technically, the new daily no change level is now 146.18. This is kind of a choppy area of sideways, though. So, I would not fault you if you were still in a runner from this, you know, from the uh freebie trade zone that we shared out on in here. Um I wouldn't fault you if you wanted to hide your stop under here or under here still, right? See what this retracement is like and then if it can break out again, then look to walk it up. So, MVDA just chugging along, making a new high. I again, I really don't think anybody disrupts MVDA in terms of semiconductors. I at least I think it's very similar to um like Google, right? It's very similar to Google where there another search engine was never going to disrupt Google, right? That's how dominant they were. It had to be something new like AI that's going to disrupt um you know search engines, right? And so for semiconductors particularly, you know, like the the the infrastructure that that Nvidia has developed like CUDA has been the go-to for AI development for like two decades now. Um so you I just don't really see that changing. So, MVDA, this is like an easy one to just dollar cost to average into buy whenever there's fear. And that's exactly what we we did back here and that worked out quite well for uh any of y'all out there. I don't even sell cover calls on MVDA. I'm very cautious, I should say, when it comes to selling cover calls. Like, I want to see us chop around a lot, then break down under that big old chop, and then I'll sell some cover calls. I'm very, very measured with the cover calls, even though there's really not that much risk, right? can theoretically just continue to roll it up, but I just don't want it to run away um from me and then I have to like keep rolling it forever. I call it cover call selling hell. Um it's it's a good problem, but you know, I just don't want to have it. So anyway, basically a daily higher low, anything over 142.03 is going to be good for one. And what we really care about is 14716, right? The point of control of this all-time high structure over here. As long as these buyers are holding over it, then this prior all-time high structures being affirmed as demand, which means these buyers are positioned well for go at new highs. Where are they trying to go? Let's take a look. R1 for the year, we haven't even tested it yet. So that's at 17568. I would not be surprised if this is where uh the buyers are trying to get to next. 17568. All right. So hopefully you all captured this guy because it was a free layup. Um, Bitcoin is also just hanging out, trading sideways, doing totally fine. I think we have a conservative trade zone. We just barely missed it. I didn't did not think that it would not even touch down on it. I assumed that we would come if if earnest sellers come into the market. I figured they would come and actually try to test this level. Maybe even try to test this guy. And so a little bit too conservative. We missed you there. But, you know, then again, we gave you this guy. So, um, you know, hope you're not too salty for for not getting into there space for a daily high or low, but really I just care about all this balance here. So, as long as we're holding over 97948.56 to affirm this May 8th breakout, I'm considering all this consolidation to be healthy. Um, we do still have to worry about this all-time high supply. Right now, the market has already affirmed it significance with a value area high rejection here, point of control rejection here, and now we're battling the value area low. How much retracement we get here will be very key because this is the last area right where these buyers couldn't hold uh defensively, right? And so if these buyers cannot continue to hold over 103498.85, that's pretty much the best case scenario. They tried to get it done over here, right? They try to get it done over here, they try to get it done over here and they failed. They but then at the same time when the sellers punched it, they also failed, right? They couldn't get back down under this high and now we have a lot of space over 103 498.85. So, if these buyers are going to press their advance from here, need to hold over 103498.85. The key upside reference is going to be 108993.39. And then, of course, the all-time high uh resistance at uh 11200 0. All right, moving on to Ethereum here. So, Ethereum did get into our trade zone. Nice bounce out of it. At this point, what I would do if you use this trade zone would be to just p pull any bids lower, chop this up because you're testing all of this supply as resistance now, right? So there's no guarantees that these buyers can move through this structure after holding this zone. But this is exactly what we're looking out for, right? What were the key structures? This is the key structure. This is the key structure. And as of right now, they're holding over this key structure. This key structure is what held price throughout all of this big old chop over here, over here, here, here, here, here, and here, and here. So that's the idea. And as of right now, if these buyers can keep holding over 2136.53, then the they should be trying to rotate back to 282 and 0.86, which is where they failed last time. And if they can continue to press from there, they should try to get all the way back up to the 4Ks here and just resume this balance over here. So, another freebie for you. Uh, space for a daily higher low potentially being set here 2 38 1.26. Need to break over 2464.69 to have confidence in it being set. If you higher high over here, they should try to rotate to the highs of this local range. If they can't get there, that's a notable failure, right? And then it's back to looking at what the sellers can get done. Can they get us back under 213 6.53? And finally, URA. So obviously did not come into our conservative trade zone. I guess at this point now this is so much follow through that I don't I don't think it would be unreasonable to move it up this old one here. Um let's see here. So we don't want to come back down into all of this range. And I I I guess this would be the best structure to use as our reference. So here let me just mark it up really quickly. Technically we need all of that. Right? If I'm going to follow my guidelines I think we would need all of that. Yes. That's about right. You know, the where we moved the new trade zone up to is about right. So, we don't want to come back into all of this chop, right? And so, if you're a buyer looking for a pullback for a buy, something along these lines, I think it's very reasonable. Looking for this structure to potentially hold and then you're just playing to get back to maybe I would say initially just this point of control. So, something like this first, right? Initially, you're just planning to get back to this PC and then eventually you would try to hold the position, the partial to try to get back up to here. And then, of course, they could break to uh over this range. Then there's there's still quite a bit of supply actually overhead. But we'll just take it one day at a time. Uh lots of space right now for these buyers to defend right against this local area of daily demand. Technically, it's this is the daily daily no change level. This guy over here, right, this was the last breakout point 36.73. And again, you can see a picture perfect back test of it, right? So, you know, while this is constructive, it it also does kind of suggest that you're you're probably dealing with lower time frame operators cuz lower time frame operators are the ones who kind of wait for these key levels to buy like short daytime frame traders like you and I will play off of like daytime frame references, the open, the regular trading hours, low, whatever. Institutions aren't really doing that. You know, institutions, they're they're just kind of always just they have big size, right? And they need to feather in essentially over an entire session, sometimes over days, some weeks or months or whatever. they're just kind of always supporting the bid if they're, you know, um, buying and then, you know, they're hitting the ask or like feathering the ask if, um, they have a sell campaign going on. So, that is something that's notable, but we just go with whatever the market is affirming as long as it's affirming that. Okay, so that's pretty much it. Um, oh man, I had all this set up for a trade review, but it's uh I don't know why the browser is lagging, so we'll have to switch over to uh I gota pull these out again. Okay, so first thing on 6:23 uh on 623, hang on a second here. 623, I didn't do any trading. I had to go uh I had an appointment pretty early in the morning, so um I didn't do any trading, but I did lay out this the context for you. You can see what I do every morning for uh the futures gang is I just post a video rundown some key daily levels uh where is the major sectors what's fang doing and then economic data and then the chaos begins um and I just show you what it looks like in the transcript here I have it copy pasted here but I laid out what the potential trades for on the morning what were the reasonable trades were on the morning based off of the daily context and based off of the daytime frame references and so over here I'm saying okay you're either being aggressive and you're top fishing off of this guy as a seller. If you're buying to join these sellers or you're waiting for a breakdown of this range and then looking for a lower high plan to get to here. So, obviously I'm not going to play the video, but I can walk you through what I'm talking about. So, on 623, that's this day over here, right? And so, the idea is if you're going to be an aggressive seller, right? Because sellers move value lower from 69 618 to 620 and and then we closed weak, right? So, remember the ES looks like this, right? So, we we closed the week right off of that daily no change level and then we opened up pretty much like kind of in the middle of the range from Friday on Monday, last Friday, two Fridays ago on uh this last Monday. And so, the idea then was all right, if you're going to be an aggressive seller, then you should be looking for these sellers to continue to press under this guy, right? This guy over here is what made this high, made this high. And so, that's the aggressive sell, right? And then the aggressive, if you're a buyer, you're either bottom fishing, right? It's pretty much the opposite. you're bottom fishing off of this range trying to get to the other side of it, right? And so uh uh so that's really it. And I said I don't hate the aggressive play for the buy, right? Because you're looking for this daily level to hold and be affirmed, but I'm I'm just going to chill out, right? And so for over here, I'm talking about this daily level. We're looking for this daily level to be affirmed. So the aggressive buy here off of this structure makes a lot of sense, right? And so it does shake out like that. And I said something along the lines of you can also buy the passback over the uh regular trading hours. I'm sorry. Um, so anyway, um, that's pretty much it. That's what was going on on, uh, Monday. That's all I did on Monday. I just wanted to point out, okay, listen, if you are interested in trading with a bunch of other fellas who are are also ladies who um, you know, are here day in and day out, grinding away, trying to improve, helping each other, supporting each other, cracking jokes, whatever. Check out the community. Links in the description below. I do a futures rundown every single morning. even if you don't trade futures, it's very helpful to just get a feel for the overall market. Um, again, using that rundown. So, that's pretty much it. And then on 624, I did something different. So, I got something kind of different for you guys this time. And, uh, I put in a broken wing butterfly because and and actually I can actually uh look over here on the options room. So, one of our other rooms, this is the options room. And uh I ended up doing an options play because I I just think this is kind of pretty novel concept that I picked up from um Shadow Trader Peter Resen. Uh he basically I put this spread on for for uh and I and I I I don't like, you know, uh and I and I I I don't like, you know, uh and I and I I I don't like, you know, I'm not a subscriber to any of his services, but I have watched his videos in the past and he's he's the person who, you know, I first saw doing these spreads, but I never really wrapped my head around it. So I'm trying to wrap my head around it now. And um so the the idea is this, right? Like if you can you can put a broken a a regular butterfly spread will always be a debit, but you can put a broken wing butterfly on or an unbalanced butterfly on and receive a credit for it such that um you get paid essentially to put the trade on and then if the uh spread expands, you can get paid to take it off as well. And in this specific case, it it honestly played out picture perfectly. It could not have gone any better. And I have always thought that the be the the there is more edge when using a volume profile in targeting. I've always I've always been much more confident in knowing where price is trying to get to rather than when price is going to turn. I I feel less confident about where price is going to turn. But I know that if something is occurring, I know where their objective is. I don't know if they'll get past the objective either. I don't even know if they'll get to that objective. I just know where they're trying to get to. So, I've kind of, you know, so because of that, I've always been very interested in Peter's approach to trading because, um, you know, if you do trade those kind of complex spreads, then targeting is actually much more valuable, right? And so, the way the spread is set up, you're protected sideways and down because you put it on for a credit. And so, if price doesn't even move towards your your target, you just keep the credit. If it goes sideways, you keep the credit, right? But if it happens to close in the sweet spot, there's a ton of expansion. And if it blows past there, well then obviously you have to cut it, right? There's always going to be risk. And in this situation, there's only upside risk. Um, so this is the the setup on this day. And I can, you know, show you the all of the TA everything just happened to come together perfectly. So here is the uh the day, right? And this all timestamped 11:32. Uh, I'm thinking my my logic I put the trade on in right right off the jump uh uh at 9:37. And what my my logic was that if we're going to press to new highs here, they should try to get here, right? Because if we're going to open over here, not get back down under this high, move over 53805, they should try to get here. I don't know that they're going to get there, right? But if they do try to get there and I put this kind of spread on, if they don't get there, who cares? And the only problem would be if they blow past my strike, uh, well, past like a little bit past my middle strike, which was 540. So, they had to blow past 541 for it to be problematic. And you can see they pretty much closed right there. They pretty much right there. So again, I bought 10 539s. I sold uh Whoops. Where' it go? Oops. Did I close it? Oh, here. So again, I what I did was I sold uh I bought 10 539s. I sold a bunch of 540s to 20 540s and then I bought the five uh 46, right? And they gave me a 6-centent credit for that. And so later on in the session, um I was able to close a bunch out. Uh let's see. I closed half over here for 20 cents credit. So they gave me 6 cents credit to put it on and then they gave me 20 cents credit to take it off. So you're paid to put it on, you're paid to take it off. That was pretty sweet. And then at the end of the day because we closed at 540 I'm sorry five uh we closed at 53978 all of those short um all of those short calls all of these 540 calls that I sold for 35 cents credit a pop those all expired right so at the end of the after closing out half and then having 10 remaining those all went out out the money so I just keep that credit and then I I'm left with 500 shares of QQQ and so the next day I just kept holding those I sold some the next day off on the open and now I'm just walking a stop up for the rest. So, it's a very novel strategy because if you're left with these shares, not only are you benefiting from the the cover calls, I mean the calls that you sold that were expired worthless, so you already have booked some credit from there, you were protected sideways and down from for the trade. And now you're left with shares that are kind of easy to swing, right? I mean, even if like it dumped the next day, like I'm fine with holding shares of QQQ in general. Obviously, I wouldn't want to hold 500 um into a big draw down, but that's the idea. It was very easy to manage that. So, you know, just a new trade review that um a different strategy that I'm trying to uh get better with. This is nothing here. So, that's pretty much it. And then on 626, I just bought the ES because on 626, we were looking at this. I didn't mean to run. On 626, we were over here and let's see, we were over here, right? Okay. And so here's the let's see here we go. So all we need to know today for for this review is uh that we on 626 we open like this. Excuse me. We opened here. And so the idea was all right well we're going to set to open above the value area high of the of the all-time high structure. We're gapping up. And so I'm gonna play with these buyers, right? because if we're going to gap up and these buyers can prevent gap fill, that means they're very strong. So, my first play was just buying um the ES pass back over the open. I did it right after the open and that was a stop, right? Because we're over here. I buy it. I don't get a chop. I stop it out. That's fine. And then again at uh oh, I'm missing the uh alert. Hang on a second here. Oops. Apologies here. Uh, June 26th. June 26. I did it again over here at 953. I said one more try for the ES buy at 953. We're over here on this candle. And I'm thinking, okay, well, what just happened, right? We just held the regular trading RSI. So, I just bought that pass back over the regular trading RSI. Chopped it up under the open and then oops, I see I copy pasted over it by accident. I chopped it up over under the open and then I took more out at the overnight high. Oh, I should have marked up the overnight high. Excuse me. The overnight high was just over here. Overnight high for the session was over here. Right? So the first one was like I don't know it wasn't that great or it was like 1.5 R something like that. Right? So something like this 1.5R and then the other chop under the O1 was 3.7R. So that was quite good and then I just walked it up for for the rest of the all of these alerts afterwards. I just walked it, walked it, walked it, walked it and then I was streaming on Friday and this was the mistake that I made. Um, so on Friday I was streaming. I I very often make mistakes on Fridays because I'm just like thinking about how to do the stream. But basically, uh, in the overnight session, what happened was we were over here. Um, so I just walked my stop up to under here in the pre-market. Uh, and when it opened, it just stopped me out and then it ripped. Um, which is not a big deal, right? Stopping here is not not that big of a deal. Um, because I mean, even if I were to just keep walking it up on the 15-minut time frame, regular trading hours only. Okay. Actually, I would have closed out with quite a few more points, like 20 points. So, another grand. So, that would have been pretty nice. But either way, um that was a mistake, right? Because I should have waited. I should have left my stop under here, not walked it up to the pre-market because I don't really care about the overnight trade. It's not it's not as meaningful to me because the uh volume is very low. So, I should have kept it right here, waited for the open, allowed this to occur, see this 15-minute consolidation, and then as soon as the breakout of that 15-minute consolidation occurred, then I should have walked the stop up to under here. So that was a mistake for us. Um, and that was really it. And then I just I just stopped here. 627 was just the stop. So it was like a started off as a very exciting trade review and then kind of a decent trade and then uh just a boring old stop out here. But but I can walk you through. I don't regret it. I think it was a very reasonable um trade and that was just based off of this. Right. So, I'm thinking at in the middle of the session, we're doing this kind of sideways trade over here and I bailed to buy this. I should have bought this. I should have bought this stair step, right? You dip under the overnight high, no follow through, pop back above it, space for a higher low. This was a very cheap setup just to get back to here, right? Just to get back to here. And I was thinking about this, but I hesitated and then I didn't do it. And then it ran away from me. I I wanted to do this right, right? buy this stairst step break here for a potential higher low potential pass back over the overnight high just playing to get to here was was pretty much 2 R. I didn't do that. So instead I bought this back test here and it wasn't a great fill. So it was something like this and I was looking to get back to where the point of control was at that time. Something like this and it was roughly 1.5R. I just stopped it out. That was it. So that's pretty much it for me. The the key the biggest thing for me last week was just uh excuse me how how beneficial or how how neat really the broken wing butterfly can be. I'm still in 250 of those shares uh for the cues. Um and you know that's crazy. Like that's it's again I was paid 6 cents a spread to put it on. Paid 20 cents to take half off and now they're trading essentially trading at like $2 $20. Um wait $20? Yeah, that's insane. The the the the open P&amp;L the next day was like two grand something like that. So yeah, that's a very very novel and I and I acknowledge that that's pretty much the best case scenario. Like you're not always going to be in a situation where you perfectly nail the target like that. But you know, it's so cheap. Like it's not cheap. You get paid to do it. So the R you cannot beat that kind of R. The only tricky part is if it if it goes against you too quickly. And I actually put a spy programming butterfly on as well, but I'll probably save that for next week. See how it shakes out because these are reviews and not speculation. So anyway, um that's pretty much it. If you are interested in uh getting trade zones sent to your inbox every day, just like that NVDA freebie, right, just like this NVDA freebie from way back when, just like the Ethereum uh from way back when, uh or no, that was from last week. If you're interested in getting more ideas sent to your mailbox uh every single week, live updates for me, live updates for any trades uh that I take, updates weekly from Dano as well for where he's at with swing trades. Check out the spring report links in the description below. Otherwise, I appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Very well.