============================================================
Video: xzaEuiUc1bs
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Volatility Incoming!
Date: 2025-06-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6297
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:51.296305
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to check in on the markets after a shortened holiday week. There's a lot of volatility coming in the near term, probably this coming week with a lot of tightening ranges that we're going to be watching for a break. We're going to talk about different sectors like uranium, quantum circle stealing the show in terms of my attention. I'll talk a bit about how I trade those blue sky runners. Let's go. All right, so we'll start on weekly time frames and zoom in from there. We have the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ very flat and sideways. is of course still digesting all the headlines with the Iran situation, but pretty impressive that we're not consolidating on the weekly yet in any meaningful way. You know, you would think after going straight up for seven weeks, we've been in a daily uptrend for seven, eight weeks that, you know, that kind of headline would be able to lead to consolidation on the weekly fairly easily. But we're not there just yet. And so, again, my mindset remains the same where I am bullish until we lose the daily uptrend. And we came very close on the holiday futures got right down below it. But again, you know, this is a base of support. This is the most important level for me. Keeping in mind if you adjust for uh the futures chart, adjust for the contract changes, it's a bit more of a clear uptrend still intact. So that little nuance depends on you as an individual. I'm going to stay unadjusted just so I get a little bit of an earlier heads up. Things are shifting. And then I'll probably zoom out to the not zoom out but flip over to the adjusted uh to keep an eye on it from there. But for now we are still battling and chopping around sideways. And you know the big question into the start of this next week is can the bulls confirm an inverse head and shoulders? And as far as the FOMC reaction that was very uh minimal and not really an event, but the bulls need this 4hour inverse head and shoulders to confirm if they're going to take over some momentum here. It's just a constant battle for 6,000. on the S&amp;P 500 here. If you put that line right around 6,000, look at how much we've been back and forth with this level over the last pretty much the last month. And it's been trying to hold as support most recently, but there's also very clear resistance levels as well. And so, we're just battling. And this range is going to break with volatility. Here's the uh NASDAQ again, daily, very similar. This essentially a triple bottom. If you adjust, it's a more clear uptrend. zoom out or zoom in to the 4 hour looking for the attempt at a higher low after the big overnight bounce. Uh but you know that's it. Just patiently waiting and there's nothing wrong with being patient and waiting. I haven't really established any new swing positions because I'm waiting for some more clarity in the short term. While that's going on, I can look at individual names where I have way more clarity. We'll talk about circle here at the end of the video because I'm going to go a bit more in depth. But uh you know Tesla keeping a close eye on that. We'll talk about that in just a moment. But essentially you know the last two weeks my trading has skewed back more towards day trading while I wait for more clarity on the longer term time frames that are taking a while to chop around and develop the semiconductor space. And again keep in mind that let's just say we break bear clear bare break on the daily. There's tons of space for weekly higher lows in the vast majority of everything that I watch. So semiconductors here, okay, let's say we fail resistance and roll over in the short term. We're just going to be looking for a weekly higher low with again tons of space for it to form. So we'll watch the retracement size. Is it a bull flag on the weekly? Do bears confirm the daily downtrend, follow through? That's all stuff we're going to be talking about down down the line if if something shifts here. But still patiently waiting. And we got semiconductors grinding sideways here. Again, look at all these tops at 265. Pretty much five out of the last seven days. We've topped out at 265. But what's going on during this semiconductor sideways is rotation. And we've been watching that rotation for a while now. There was a headline on Friday and the NASDAQ saw a significant amount of weakness due to that headline. Look at this SMH volume. And honestly, I can't even remember. That just goes to show you, you know, how much that headline matters to me. China something chips. That's it. That's all I care about. You know, I see that volume, I go on Twitter, I confirm, yes, it is a headline we're reacting to. That reminds me, okay, that tells me things can get extreme on the five minute short-term RSI levels can get oversold. I want to be aware that this is a news reaction, but for me, as far as, you know, what's the implications of that news, the trend is all I care about on the daily. And so, it's not a big deal if we're still in a daily uptrend. But uh you could see that dump. The NASDAQ got dragged down with it. And then we just ended the day sideways tightening up with no real clarification uh as to whether the bulls can recover from that in that sideways range or we're heading back down and test that low. But again, you know, you look at SMH. This is what it looks like. And you look at NVDA and it's very similar. It's grinding. Again, it's a possible rising wedge. I don't like rising wedges in this market environment because a lot of them have broken bull. This was definitely a potential rising wedge back here, but look at the rotation. MU has just been on absolute fire. And it's been a higher low compared to the previous day. Something like 13 of the last 14 days. And if you look at MU divided by SMH, you see that massive shift. This is the strongest that MU has been compared to SMH, the ETF, in the last 11 months. That is a very clear rotational shift going on. And so I'm watching for rotation in other places as well. I'm watching SMCI. This was a very nice sideways equilibrium tightening up. We broke bull on Wednesday and it wasn't very convincing because of the upper wick by the end of the day. You know, you draw this resistance zone where we topped out one, two, three, four, bunch of times more than that. But we got over it. Couldn't close over it. But now we are over it and holding it on the back test. So again, if if the bulls can recover from that headline on Friday, this coming week, I'm watching for SMCI to try and break this weekly bullish and get over 4780 and uh see its shift underway as well. And if we go to SMCI divided by SMH, you can see that uh it's not really doing much, but watching can that shift take place. And that's, you know, when you have lead bull sectors, that's the name of the game just in terms of looking at, you know, the leader does its thing, it happens in crypto, Bitcoin does it thing, then it heads out to the altcoins or you see, you know, Tesla is on fire. You'll see some of the smaller EV names get a little bit of tailwind behind them. And so, it's definitely worth paying attention to. Um, when there is a leader, you keep an eye on the lagards for that rotation. And ideally when that rotation is taking place, you want the leader to be trading sideways because generally if the leader is pulling back in any meaningful way, it is going to weigh on the other names as well. But if it's trading sideways, it's almost like a stabilizing thing that just lets the other names then catch up a little bit. So definitely something to keeping an eye on. And again, when SMH breaks the daily uptrend, we will absolutely be looking for a weekly higher low, but not yet. Higher low every single week for the last two months. That's impressive. That doesn't happen very often. It definitely has happened, but um anyways, on to Tesla. Volatility is coming to Tesla. The bulls are trying for a weekly higher low. Inside bar, inside bar, daily, you can see how tight we are. I've just been watching this 4 hour equilibrium and that has helped me. You know, again, I've I've been talking with chart guys members about my second edge. My first edge is trading back burners. We'll talk about that in circle. My second edge is recognizing equilibriums and trading them. And uh just for example, you know, I had a a solid morning Wednesday trading Tesla long. And the reason I was looking long is because for me the most likely scenario was a 4 hour higher low for us to continue tightening within this range. And so I'm viewing this, you know, you can take off extended hours if you want to make it a little bit more clear, but for me there's just a very clear wall. I' I've loved the trading on this name recently because I mean look at the the day yesterday where there was a very clear play for bears where We had a double top. No, it wasn't yesterday. One of these days in here, there was a double top right at the open. Maybe. Is that a Got to find it. Okay. It wasn't a double top. It was just a rejection from the resistance zone. So 33256, 33,299, 33,174. So we got three tops in a $1 and change range. And we start the morning on Friday, big spike up, five minute overbought, real extended. As soon as you hit a new low of the day, from that big spike up, bears gain a ton of confidence and say, "We just rejected hard." If you reject, hold the low of the day, you can give it another go. And that keeps that resistance in play. So that opening range in the first five minutes, that low of the day is always very important for me as to whether or not the bulls are able to keep momentum or whether, you know, it's a significant shift. And obviously with the big turnaround, uh bears just completely took over from that point. And then same thing, just a tightening 15minute range for the rest of the day. But the levels that I care most about are 31474 support and then that 332 resistance zone. And again, you know, you got the headlines and the self-driving stuff happening that you got to be keeping an eye on, but uh we are going to break this coming week, this tightening range. And if it's a bull break, the weekly higher low will be set and we'll be looking back up in the mid300s. And if it's a bare break, we're going to be looking back down in the upper 200s. So, uh, keep an eye on Tesla. And again, just as a day trader, I know, okay, I haven't been day trading Tesla much while it's in this range because again, you know, your opportunity on this one day is way more than this two weeks or week and a half. And so I trade less when we constrict and I trade more when we expand the range. And I know that I will be day trading Tesla more this coming week than I did this prior week just based on that chart. Financial sector still chopping around sideways still possibly a weekly bull flag. Again, you know, bulls are holding sideways. Very little of anything has gone on the last five weeks, but another one. Look at the 4 hour. It's just tightening up. We're going to break this this week. Bounce, higher low, lower high, higher low, tightening up. We're right in the middle of the range. Bulls want to break a 5088. That's 50 cents away. Bears want a break of 49.82 that is, you know, 60 cents away or whatever. So, almost right in the middle of that range and definitely paying attention not to trade it, but this has significant implications on how I view the broader market in the S&amp;P 500 being one of the most important sectors. So, uh definitely paying close attention. You know, I'll trade the financial sector maybe once a month, but uh definitely paying attention every day. The financial sector was a lead bear this week. Look at all that red lead bull for a couple of weeks. Lead bear all week with a big drop, lower high every day. And now the the question is, can the bulls follow through? We had a bare flag confirm with zero follow-through. And now if this is going to shift in a meaningful way, it's the bulls needing an inverse head and shoulders. So we set the weekly lower high at EMA12 just like the last time around. And now the bulls must hold 12735 and break 13733 if we're going to confirm a weekly uptrend. And again, an inverse head and shoulders is just a trend change from a downtrend to an uptrend. And so that has to happen. We know big picture the healthc care sector has been a lead bear over the last six months and we're watching to see does that shift or not and the burden is definitely on bulls if it's going to. UNH we've been watching as it's been trading sideways that's still a weekly bare flag and the bears had a good day Friday to end the week and so it's a weekly stairst step and we're watching 300 psychological support but uh unable to break out and obviously the fin the healthc care sector pullback is hurting things here but 31655 32235 adjusted for the dividend so those are the two levels that I care about as far as key resistance uh I have a little exposure in this name, but it was playing the the climax bounce. And so, you know, grab some position, sell some into the bounce, break evens under the low. I have I don't think about it anymore. You know, it's either going to stop me out, break even, or it's going to be a long-term position. So, it can definitely trade within this range for a while. And so, just letting it do its thing. But bears definitely liking the week and they are in control of the short term with a solid win on Friday. Talk about circle less because it's going to be in depth. CCJ. So uranium uranium's been on fire. CCJ has been great. Again, a bearish candle. Weekly consolidation. We're keeping an eye out for it. It's shaping up. And again, same thing. I'm going to be looking for a weekly higher low. And bulls ideally on any pullback want to hold this double top just like we did on the daily. You know this double top at alltime high. We break out. We perfectly back test it and get another leg up of 10%. And so bulls want to hold a weekly higher low off that level if they're going to remain really strong. But daily chart still an uptrend. Just started some consolidation. There's a gap to fill at 6680. No red flags. I mean you get a name like this. I like EMA what I call EMA runners. I'll talk about that in circle day trading, but uh we've been riding daily EMA 12 and holding it for almost two months and we haven't even touched it. When's the last time we touched it? Over a month ago. That shows you a significant amount of strength. When when I'm watching the five minute time frame on a morning and you don't touch the short-term EMAs for hours, it shows you automated buying. And remember MU showed us that back on June 2nd before this. You know, I I missed this run and I am taking mental notes. There was automated buying June 2nd and June 3rd. If you zoom in, you can see it. And uh I guess we'll do that just for learning purposes, but uh it gives you information. You know, an EMA rider is extremely strong. And if you're not even touching the EMA, I mean, this is the fiveminute EMA, and we went hours without touching it in an afternoon. That's very unusual price action. you'll you'll you'll pull up a thousand charts and that won't happen on them. So, it's it's very rare for that to happen, especially with there's no company specific news. So, keep an eye out for that. But, we're seeing the same thing with CCJ on the daily chart, just a different time frame. Um, and watching for a test here coming up, we're going to watch for the response to first hourly oversold conditions to see if the bulls remain strong. We had you know extended hours. We hit that hourly over well just missed but right down towards hourly oversold before continuation. This back burner led to continuation. So again we know in our strongest moves the hourly oversold on shorter term time frames marked the higher lows on longer term time frames. The other names in the sector SMR have already pulled back more significantly. They started giving a little bit of a red flag first. And so again, weekly consolidation likely shaping up. We already hit hourly oversold here into the end of Friday. OKLO is another one. You can see SMR and OKLO are trading very similar. There is space for a daily lower high to be the result of the next bounce. So again, that's that's how I always view the trends. Okay, we lost the daily uptrend. Little check mark for bears. The next big information is do we confirm a daily downtrend as a result of the next bounce. If so, we know further weekly consolidation is coming. If not, weekly bull flag will be on watch. But uh these names just showing that it's time for weekly consolidation. And again, because of their breakout the last few months, we're definitely watching for weekly higher lows. Quantum names have been showing it's a mixed bag. The sector has shifted a bit. It used to trade handinand all these names doing exactly the same thing. And now there's rotation going on and there's some times where there's a clear lead bull and everything else is weaker. So it's a little bit more tricky. You got to stay on top of it a little bit more. QBTS, the weekly consolidation is just fine still coming off of all-time highs, but a little bit of relative weakness to the NASDAQ over the last couple of weeks. You can see we're really tight here as well. And so the big question here is if we break 1484, we're then looking down at a gap fill. And my mindset is okay, there's been a little bit of relative weakness in some of these quantum names. If the NASDAQ breaks daily support, convincingly, starts weekly consolidation convincingly, I am watching this sector to short uh because I'm looking for some monthly lower highs in some of these names, which we'll look at in just a moment. But again, gap fill would be a target here. RGTI, I shorted it on Friday. It did stop me out of my runner, so ended up break even with that big spike before it rolled over again. little frustrating, but I was focused on other things. And again, just look at the relative weakness. We've confirmed a daily downtrend. If we break 1071, we get to the lowest level in a while. And look at the monthly. For me, a monthly lower high and continued tightening is the most likely scenario. When you break out and pull back massively, you scout the tightening ranges. And it's a monthly inside bar. And I'm looking for a monthly lower high. And same thing for QBT. It's been seeing relative strength. So there's a lot of that rotation with this move up again pulling back a little bit on the daily but uh key for me isq the leader of the sector fundamentally it's a really nice daily equilibrium so any bare plays in the sector if they're going to follow through they would need this equilibrium to break bare to help. So I'm keeping a close eye on this as well. Anything under 4405 is a lower high. Again this is you know I'm not bearish quantum names. I am noticing a little weakness in some of them and it's a if then statement. If the broader market does this then I look bearish quantum. If the broader market breaks bull and heads up to a new all-time high, quantum is likely going to stay just fine and not be a good bare trade. So again, you know, you get a lot of people, newer people that want me to predict what's going to happen. Are we going to drop in quantum? I don't know. I have to react. I'm a reactive trader, not a predictive trader. I'm going to react to the broader market. If the broader market's up 1% on Monday, I'm not looking short quantum. If it's down 1% on Monday, I'm looking short quantum. It's that simple. But uh again, it's it's very hard for newer traders to get that mindset in their head. They think they need to be predicting, you know, what's going to happen a week from now. And that does yourself a disservice because you're then ruling out four of the next days of information. Every single day, every single hour, we're getting new information that shifts probabilities and we have to be constantly reacting to it dollar. So, dollar broke bear on the weekly. It's a clear downtrend, but no bare follow-through at the moment. Daily zooming in little inverse head and shoulders attempt. So, if the dollar bulls are able to confirm a daily uptrend by breaking 9916, the weekly bounce will be underway and we'll then zoom out and look for anything under 10198 as a weekly lower high, but a potential short-term shift underway. So, keeping an eye on that. We have gold overall still trading fairly sideways, pulling back, trying for a daily higher low. It's a daily uptrend. The periods of daily consolidation have lasted many days. Uh but keeping an eye out for the possibility where if the dollar bounces, gold could be back again. EMA rider EMA 12 on the weekly could come back and test that a little bit. You know, a couple percent to the downside. Silver's given a little bit of red flag as well. Uh just in the pullback, you know, even if we bounce here on silver, we have to be cautious of a daily head and shoulders shaping up. So silver dropped down to a double bottom at 3545. 4 hours, still a downtrend. And again, just watching, are we going to see weekly consolidation? And if we do, bulls really want to hold the back test of previous resistance as support in the mid34s. The miners are even weaker, specifically the junior miners, GDXJ. I stopped out of my runner position. I was long, I forget when exactly, it's been weeks at this point. Uh, take some profit, leave a runner, and breaking the support. Exited that runner of NUG. Nope. uh Jug and you can see compared to to this GDX it's holding on way better similar but still way above daily support. So bulls here are hoping that they can hold support and tighten up but uh relative weakness in the miners compared to the metals this past week. And for me it's just sizing down locking in some profit and uh knowing that I don't want to hold all of my positions through weekly consolidation. I'll hold some of them and I'll hold silver through some weekly consolidation because I've done that many times with part of this position over the last six plus months. But um oil oil's battling and struggling at the highs here. That's now the second rejection from the initial top. So we top out, we reject, we reject again. So very clear resistance zone in the 70. It's a 70. Well, it depends if you're adjusted or not. Again, um I like when they're nice and close to each other. But anyways, we've got if the bears are going to follow through in any meaningful way, it's a daily stairst step. So, it's a higher low every day for weeks. And if it's going to be a hard rejection from resistance, we need a bare break of 7232. And then we'll watch for a daily higher low. So, clear resistance zone, but bears unable to reject in a meaningful way. And natural gas has seen some benefit from the war headlines. And looking at the weekly, still tightening up. So I'm looking at this resistance which rejected the price. We're building a base down in the 340s and still sideways. So not much going on. The bulls are battling for a monthly higher low, but they can't officially set it unless this sideways range breaks bull. All right. So, circle, this is my I love this kind of play. Blue sky breakout. This just encompasses all of my edges as a trader and all of my experience because again, if you look at the vast majority of my gains in my career, they are condensed in short periods of time in euphoria blue sky breakout markets and the playbook remains the same. And the playbook is backers, these bounces. And again, Google chart guys back burners. If you don't know what that is, it's my most profitable trading strategy in the last decade of trading. Uh, and used it on CRCL on Friday to have some nice trading. So what you will generally see and again you know I've I've taken this trade style 30 to 50 times plus in my life with Tesla blue sky breakout Canadian cannabis it was very that was a solidifying moment for me because it led to huge gains and it just kept working when you're in blue sky breakout you close at the high of the day right near it you get the extended hours the bulls keep pushing it up in a low liquidity environment they give you the gap up the next day you look for profit taking on the gap up. You look for fivem minute oversold to play the bounce. And if you're going to see continuation, fiveminute oversold marks the low of the day. And that worked out perfectly on Friday to a T. And you know, we started the week strong with how we closed last Friday. I probably talked about it in last week's video. Uh we're probably heading to all-time highs. I wished that I had that position Friday afternoon. I wasn't watching it, but okay. Blue sky breakout to start the week. Still keeping the relative strength. I'm very interested. The party got started on Wednesday in a big way and coin was benefiting as well. A lot of headlines, you know, the Genius Act, the the stuff in Congress and the Senate going on is beneficial for this name. Uh and again, you know, I I shorted this. I actually had a really good short. I generally won't short a blue sky breakout. The only time I will is when I have high conviction that we're looking at a gap up into profit taking scenario. Uh, and I'll look for the short on that morning. And I did it with MSTR way back when. You know, I shorted it that day just because, okay, you know, we're massively extended. I know that we're going to end this move up with a gap up open. Uh, and so I shorted it that day. So, I'm I'm very picky and most traders shouldn't short blue sky names, but you get enough experience, you know, you try it under very certain clear circumstances. And so anyways, I had a really good entry uh pre-market and I posted these. I don't have the orders handy, but it was a volume climax. Look at the volume here. And it was just running away, you know, straight up. And I'm just looking for five minute consolidation. I'm just looking for one minute consolidation. And so I see a volume climax shaping up. I I got a great fill short in the 237s. 23745 35 cents from the high there. And as soon as we pull back, I take a little profit and then I'm going to stop out of 238 breaks because my thesis is that's a high for now or I'm wrong. And again, I'm not going to scale into a short and then just hope it pulls back. I have to be in full control the entire time. And fortunately, the timing was right here. Take some profit pre-market. All right, let it play out into the open because I think we're going to gap up into profit taking. My target is five minute oversold. We dump down. I exit the remaining of of the short a little bit early because I know I want to start planning for the long. I want to play that five minute oversold back burner. And it did take a little while to form. You know, we hit fiveminute oversold. If we pull up our back burner indicator, hit fiveminute oversold. It did take another 10 minutes or so before it was the bottom. Fortunately, it wasn't another big leg down. It was more of a grind, more of a falling wedge type of pattern. And I almost stopped out right at that low because I was positioning for this bounce. And I did stop out right at that low and then fortunately um it was a break even stop and so I I um it was a break even stop and so I I um it was a break even stop and so I I had my finger on the trigger to get back in. And so as soon as that big green candle hit market buy right back in and then it's off to the races and that's exactly what we want to see. And so if you look on Twitter I posted, you know, the pre-market game plan uh laying this out. You look for the gap up. You look for the profit taking on the gap up. You look for fiveminute oversold conditions. You look for the bounce. So 12% bounce. We then tightened up, bull break, new all-time high. And again, I then I've got my runner position from those lows. I take the majority of my profit. You know, I sell twothirds of the bounce, my break evens under the low of the day. All right, if this move's going to keep going, you know, if we're going to hit 300 next week, crazier things have happened. Uh, I will leave this position and see if the bulls can win the day. And they did. I didn't swing it. But what I will then do is find the EMA riders and trade them. Sometimes I'm buying off one minute EMA 12 and I'm adding to my position. So let's just say let's use easy numbers. I got a 100 shares as my runner position. Uh I'll I'll buy another 100 on or sometimes you know, okay, we'll keep it comparable. Yeah, I'll buy another 100. And if I'm buying off one minute EMA 12, so I look and say, okay, we held it. We held it. We held it. If we're going to keep running, we're going to keep holding it. All right, we pull back here. We come right to one minute support. We come to EMA 12. We hold it. All right, let's say I'm in 24425. We then get a new high. I'm out half 246. My break even is now under that low. I place a stop under that level for my aggressive added remaining half position. I can't lose on it. And now I've got more position. And if it keeps running, I'm going to benefit more. And if it rolls over, I'll stop out my aggressive ad and I'll still I won't lose anything. And I'll still have my runner position from way further down. And so I was just doing that all day and I stopped out a handful of times, you know, break even, stop out two or three times, but you know, I played this bounce the break at 230 psychological had me interested two minute oversold looking for the 15minute higher low. And so we set that 15-minute higher low, then traded sideways. So uh again, my edge as a trader is the back burners. I love the volatility. I love when it's blue sky breakout and things get nutty. I do size down my positions. You know, I I compared to my standard Tesla position, my circle positions are maybe four 40% 30 to 40% of a standard Tesla position, but you know, we're moving 15% plus. So, very worthwhile. And again, you know, I'm not sizing. I'm not in aggressive mode. I'm in conservative mode as a trader. When I was in aggressive mode doing the same trading style, I would be all in in Canadian cannabis on the close at the high of the day. I sell on the gap up and then I reload a fat position in five minute oversold. And when you're in aggressive mode, you know, conservative mode, I got a a three-day maker Thursday and a three-day maker Friday. That's great. I'm very pleased with that. Um, but you know, if you want a three-week maker, what you have to do is expose yourself to a significant draw down. How does that work? Well, when I was trading crypto 2017 and leveling up, my initial goal is, all right, I'm taking this $30,000 and I want to make $30,000, get a down payment for a house. And next thing you know, six weeks later, I'm up a,000%. And it's way more than I ever thought it would be. And so, I keep the gas, the pedal to the metal, and I know that I'm going to keep doing what has been working. And there's going to come a time when it stops working. And when that happens, I will see a significant draw down from my all-time high at that point. But if my goal is to make $30,000 and I'm up $500,000 and I pull back $50,000, you know, if you tell me back here, hey, you're going to you're going to pull back $50,000 from the top, I'd say, what a disaster. What went wrong? No, you just allow for that draw down to ideally make, you know, if if I know 50,000 draw down can happen, but I can get potentially $200,000 more dollars before that happens, it continues to be worthwhile. And so, it's the same mindset on a shorter term time frame or smaller numbers, whatever is relevant to you. Uh it's easy to do once you have the profit cushion, obviously. Uh but once you get that profit cushion, it's a longer leash. you you just keep doing what's working until it stops and then you know when it stops uh it's going to sting a little bit and you know you're gonna have to deal with the oh I could have had $100,000 and now I've only got $80,000. It's it's all about how you you know deal with that psychologically. But again that's not how I'm trading. I'm sizing down. You know if I was being aggressive I'd be easily in five times the position sizes and uh that's just not where I'm at. I'd rather be very comfortable. The the risk of the draw down for me is not worth it. Uh at this point uh but for people trying to level up, you've got to expose yourself in order to do that. You know, I'm not going to see huge gains because of my trading style right now. And you know, the people that show you I'm up 300% on the year, you say, okay, yeah, that's great. Congratulations. But you also know that they will see a significant draw down if they keep trading in that style. Juke of things, I hope you're fantastic. I got no baby ducks this year, no baby geese, and there were no baby turkeys, and I was so bummed. And today, that changes in a big way. Dual mamas. I assume that's two batches of babes.