============================================================
Video: td6k8Yyg9Fg
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Tariff Tantrum Puts Buyers on Life Support
Date: 2025-04-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8861
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:14:11.410747
============================================================

What's up everybody? Hope you're doing well. So, buyers started off the week decently, playing defense off of key supports uh as the market braced for some updates on the tariffs, which ended up being way more severe than uh anybody really anticipated, which sent the market tumbling and um that's pretty much where we're at now. QQQ in bare market territory with 20% off of the high. So, will sellers let up or are they positioned well to keep on smashing? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we'll we'll go over the state of the market, answer those questions and more. So, let's get into it. Excuse me. Okay. Um, so starting off with SPY, like we were saying, the buyers did start off the week with this critical defense, right? They wanted to prevent followrough beyond this gateway structure which was the gateway into all of the um demand under the July 2024 high. And if you'll recall last week we were talking about the weak close um on the week likely setting up for a gap down. And what we wanted to see or what the buyers wanted to see if we were going to see that gap down was to find acceptance back over the July 2024 high. Right? The best case scenario of course would have been to get over 57135, but really what we cared about was the July 2024 high first. And you see that they moved into that on this initial bounce, but the bounce was pretty which pretty much sold right at the July 2024 high. And um that was, you know, right before the tariff announcement. So the next day, of course, we had that uh well, the end of Wednesday, we had that announcement. Market started selling off and then we had two huge gap downs. we really haven't seen this kind of decline since 2020 actually. So um obviously that was co and uh things are a little bit different now but whatever the case may be it was you know obviously drilling. I think last week we called the the update video sellers smash right? Um so I guess could have saved it for this week. Um anyway, so what are we looking out for in in the weeks ahead or in the at least the week ahead? Sellers are very comfortable here and I I personally feel like again because the close was so weak. So recall last week we were looking for that gap down open um because we closed pretty much at the lows of the week and we did get that gap down but of course there was an initial bounce. Now it's an even larger range expansion and we closed dead on the lows. So I would not be surprised with another gap down. In fact, I I would be surprised if we didn't gap down. Um, again, just because, you know, typically typically when you have a trending kind of a day, usually there's some backing off, right? And that's just because you have like, you know, daytime frame operators, right? People who are short-term traders, very very uh very many people in our room, very many people in our room are um are like that, short-term operators, like you know, me or Dan or whatever. um usually you close out before the end of the session and so the fact that there really was none of that at all uh is indicative that the selling is very strong. There's a lot of like panic selling going on. Wouldn't be surprised if people are getting margin called. Um anyway, so these sellers are positioned really well and the very obvious target would be here, right? Like this uh high from 2022. Uh this should be the objective for these sellers, right? And I've been saying this in uh I'm not sure in these weekend update videos. I think we we've talked about it, but definitely during our streams in the community uh which if you're interested, links in description below that that I would not be surprised if we're looking at something like this, right? If we are looking for to come back and back test a major breakout point because we've already had, you know, like a year or so of range expansion and typically after you get like a lot of range expansion like here or here, afterwards you get some bounce. That's just how it works. That's how it works on every single time frame, right? The market establishes value in one area and then it either advances or declines and then in the future it will look to uh affirm that prior area of value, right? Regardless of which direction it was. So if you break out uh very often what will happen is you'll look to retest right these prior breakout points. Just like over here, the 2022 low was pretty much just a back test of this tiny little consolidation period, which was the consolidation after a break over the high of all of this, you know, kind of sideways range over here. Additionally, the COVID low was pretty much just a back test of uh this high over here. It fails to come back down to the highs of this guy, unless you're using this little consolidation structure above it. This little consolidation structure above all of this balance is very similar to this consolidation structure above all of this balance. And you pretty much stop over here, right? Just like over here, where do you stop? Over here. Right. So, this time around, there's not really a very clear consolidation structure, I would say, above this guy on the monthly time frame, but on the weekly time frame, I guess you would say it was this guy. So, we're already there. I would not be surprised if if these uh sellers are trying to move all the way back down to this high, though. Um again, that's just the 20 uh 20 2021 2022 2022 high. would not be surprised by that because again this is just like a lot of monthly sideways and that just happens very regularly. you know, even this uh what was this like 10 years or so of um trading sideways, you do get this kind of back test over here, right? So, here's this sideways trade. It's actually higher over here and you do get this little breakout back test of it. The idea is simply that you know when you have these very very lengthy periods and we can check the S&amp;P as well. But when you have these very lengthy periods of sideways trade and then you finally break out, you know, a back test is very likely. Sometimes it takes a long time for it to arrive. I think  um I think Tesla was kind of like that where it took a really really long time for it's just Elliot wave stuff for an eventual back test like here. So these are the monthly chart. So Tesla broke out of this base and then it had months of trading uh breaking out then trading sideways pretty much a year until it finally back test these highs here. happens all the time. So, I would not be surprised if that's what we're looking at for SPY right now. So, I think this is probably a buy here, right? At least for me, I'm being far more aggressive with my DCA as long as we're weekly and daily oversold. Now, that being said, I have about a year of runway and I expect to make more income during that year of runway. so they can always be extended and I think this is a very reasonable time to be looking to deploy any kind of capital that's been sitting in your accounts if you didn't really want to be a buyer um on this rip up. So um yeah, I've already started with CSPs. I sold some MVDA CSPs. I sold some TQQ CSPs just to get, you know, dip my feet, but um dip my toes. Dip my toes. But I'll talk about that, I guess, later in the end. Let's just finish with all this technical stuff here. Um, okay. So, what are we looking out for in the in the next week or so? I think we're probably looking at a gap down. A gap down open should have these sellers trying to get back down to the lows of this structure over here at 493.86. That's that very obvious um support. It was a major support just like this was a major support that led to all of this ripping. This is a major support as well that led to higher highs. So, I'm thinking, you know, especially because, you know, we have this structure marked up. We were watching this guy for a while now because this is the next area where there was any amount of significant weekly bounce and it opened up pretty much right at the value area high. Remember I was saying, okay, we want to know what happens in this low volume area. And what happened was we gap we got through it and then traded through all of this big chunk of volume. It's it's very very notable. Obviously incredibly elevated um volume that's probably people getting liquidated as well. So um I would not be surprised if we gap down. I I would be kind of surprised if we were to gap down and then, you know, crush this level. It could definitely happen. There's a lot of fear out there right now, but I would be very surprised if there's not at least some kind of battle here. I would be shocked if we don't at least try to if we do come down to test 479.98. I would be shocked if we didn't have some kind of balance here. So, um that's what I'm looking at anyway for the  uh short-term outlook. Um, yeah. And so any bounce not really terribly meaningful unless first you got to you got to fill these gaps first. And really the last area of significant uh local supply is all the way over here now. So if you don't get back over um let's see here 54687 on any balance. There's really no change on the daily time frame. So these sellers are looking totally fine right here. Tons of space for a daily lower high. Anything under um anything under 56742 will be good for one. And again, that daily no change level was 546.87. Okay, so we got the downside references, got the upside references. Uh, we have a trade zone, right? Um, so it dipped into our trade zone and obviously it's our past our target. I sent out a tweet on Thursday, you know, letting folks know, hey, listen, if you use this trade zone, it came into the trade zone. It's gapping up beyond the target. It's reasonable to book some parts and throw a stop over this high. I still stand by that statement. We obviously couldn't have known how severe the selling was going to be. I still, you know, part of me still thinks that there is the potential like if you listen to what the, you know, what our treasury secretary is saying, it seems like they want to use tariffs for leverage for like, you know, to ne renegotiate trade um get the sense that they well whatever I don't want to speculate but um anyway so there is the potential you know that these tariffs get reversed. I think Vietnam is already talking about how they would like to get their those tariffs down to zero or whatever. So, um, potentially just a bargaining tool, which again, I don't want to get too much into speculation, but like if I were a a wealthy man, you know, like a billionaire or whatever, um, and I had billionaire friends, um, I I I would kind of see this as a bit of I I I would kind of see this as a bit of I I I would kind of see this as a bit of a win-win here, right? And I wanted to use tariffs as as a le like leverage against other countries if I were to announce these really large tariffs and cause uh a bit of a spiral in the uh market um allowing you know some uh buying at cheaper prices and then if I were to unwind or reverse those tariffs you know fear would probably alleviate you like it. I don't know. That's that's that that that the potential of that is certainly there, but we can keep it super technical and and make our decision based off of that. Like obviously, we didn't know anything about what was going to happen this week, but the trade zone worked out fine. Um so either way, like for me, it's just a matter of for trades extension to location, right? So, we're about to get really extended into this key location. So, I think again very reasonable to be looking at um buys uh at like around 480 or so. Okay, moving on to the Q's here. So, the Q I think Q's missed our trade zone, right? Uh oh, just missed it by a schmitch there. What can you do? Um either way, same dealio for the Q's, right? And remember, we were watching the uh 2021 high. It's pretty much the same high that we're talking about. 480ish on SPY, 4,800ish on S&amp;P. Um 4871 is that key level on QQQ. And again, we have weekly oversold conditions. I do not recall the I think it was co the last time we had weekly oversell. It was 2022 was the last time we had weekly oversold conditions and then before that was co. So uh we're there now weekly oversold close to the lows. Would not be surprised with a gap down if we do happen to gap down and sellers continue to press the advance next week. It's all about that 2021 high. I'm watching this structure as well from 2023 which was uh if you'll recall I think I was already doing the weekly videos by then. I don't I'm not sure. I think so. Um you recall I might just be thinking about our streams in the community but there's this little consolidation period that was right around the 2021 high. That's what I've got marked up over here. So, the high of that guy is over here at 41292. And so, if we continue to move lower, I'm thinking 41292 and then 40871. It's both 2021 high and the point of control of this key structure. Those are our key downside references. Now, for the daily no change level, it's very similar to SPY, right? if these buyers can't even get back over here um at 457.33. Well, then obviously they don't negate the change of this newest breakdown. So again, sellers are very comfortable here. Um that being said, aggressive buyers, you're probably getting interested as we approach these 2021 highs, especially if you're thinking like very long-term. Could it get worse? For sure, it could easily get worse. But if you're not going to deploy capital when you have weekly oversold conditions back testing very very major breakout points, I really don't know when you're going to start deploying that long-term capital, you know, like. So anyway, that's my opinion. Lots of space for daily lower highs. Anything under uh 479.56 will be good for one. And that's pretty much it for the Q's. Moving on to the rut. Uh missed. Did we miss it? We missed it. We were looking for it higher for whatever reason. looking for it higher. Um, okay, no problem. So, for the rut though, uh, I don't know why I had it so high considering I was focused on the RTY for the sell. I think just a bit of a um, brain fart. Anyway, um, so I was looking for cells. Recall last week I was saying, "Hey, listen. I think sells are reasonable trying to get to here, right? Trying to get to not Well, yeah, same same targeting. Trying to get to here, right? Because if we're going to be under this 21 2021 structure that's from this guy over here, right? If we're going to be under here, then we should expect price like price action like this. This guy is what contain these lows. So, and and again, that happens over here as well, right? These this entire structure over here dictated by this structure and this structure. So, I was thinking, all right, well, as long as we're under this 2021 structure, I want to play to here, which you know, that bigger picture was uh it made sense, but you know, execution didn't align with that. And I have more to say about that later. It's it's one of I would say the biggest error this week. Um obviously hindsight is 2020, but I still think it was an error because it's something that I have done in the past. I just didn't do this time. Um anyway, this is very notable to me. So, first things first, you call it exactly for what it is. Super super weak. Daily no change level is of course over here. If these buyers can't get back over um 19549, they don't negate the change of this most recent breakdown. You'll notice that they failed to back test it whereas the spy was a little pop and drop. the QQ was a little pop and drop. So the RTY was showing you some relative weakness there, but now it's kind of showing you a little bit of relative strength, which I find very interesting. The rut did not close out the lows. The the small and and also, and we'll get to that in a second here, Bitcoin also wasn't very weak. So that's very notable to me, right? Like there's all this panic here. You know, everybody is selling and yet for whatever reason, the small caps, which you know, are a more risk index of course, right? because they carry more debt and whatnot. They have uh less typically they have, you know, less cash flow if any of these small caps. Um so that's very notable, right? To to to uh bounce off the lows compared to the SPY and the QQQ which flows pretty much smack dab at the lows. So is that an early indication that you know uh risk is coming back, risk appetite is coming back on? I I think that potential is there, right? But obviously we have to continue to monitor the situation. And now for downside references, now that we are firmly back into this big guy over here, you know, this was a pop and drop. This was a break with like no follow through. And then what should we expect when you see a break, no fall through, you should expect the lows of the range to be tested, which the lows of this range was already tested after that after that pop and drop. And now if you consider all of this one large range, these sellers should be trying to come here, right? Like that's these lows over here throughout all this balance from 2022 to 2024 was just a back test of this structure over here which was the old all-time high structure. So again the market is always just trying to either affirm or negate what's already happened. And so this has already happened in the past. And so what the buyers wanted to get done now is see okay can we continue to affirm like obviously we could not affirm new all-time highs but can we now uh look to affirm this breakout by holding over this structure or rather this breakout by holding over this structure as we did throughout all of this throughout all of this price action here. Okay. Um so that's pretty much it. Uh again lots of space for daily lower highs. I think if we move lower should be trying to get down here 167.81. It's reasonable to be looking for more sells like off of this guy now, right? If you come into this guy, no follow through. Okay, then that's essentially, you know, lack of acceptance in here. Can probably do it like this. Okay, if we pop and drop out of this guy, then it should be more lows and they should be trying to get here. Okay, so essentially back testing this supply. We can do that for everybody really. I just figured, you know, this one already activated so you're probably just in a runner. uh if regarding managing this runner in spy all you want to do is just wait for some daily uh balance and then if you break it down again okay then you can walk your stop down don't walk your stop down too early alternatively you know I wouldn't I wouldn't fault you if you wanted to exit more partials if we happen to come back to 480 but um you can always email me if you have questions about managing any kind of uh trade ideas that you've done based on uh what I did if you're a subscriber I'll get back to you as soon as possible of course and um if not I'm still going to get back to you as soon as possible, but it might take me a little bit longer because u I don't really very often the emails go to support and then they get pushed to me. So um so that's pretty much it for IWM and uh that's really it. All right, moving on to the Dow here. Moving on to the Dow. So for the Dow also came into our drain zone. Obviously got beyond our target here and it's well the sellers now are well within this big chunk of volume here. Uh again very notable. Now I don't often trade the Dow but like a situation like this is pretty great for a daytime frame setup. You know it's seeing things like this makes me uh regret not not not paying more attention to the Dow. Um, even these were actually pretty reasonable um, setups. And I I did hit sells, but I hit it um, Thursday. I hit this cell for the rut. And then I was trying to be a seller here, too. Anyway, um, what are we talking about here? Okay, so for the Dow when you know to open right at that key structures point of control and then pop and drop. Uh, that was a very, very reasonable um, sell with very little risk on that. So, uh, unfortunately, I just wasn't paying attention to it. It is what it is. I don't even trade YM really. Um so uh which is the futures contract for the DAP. Anyway, uh lots of space for a daily lower high. Anything under uh 42 3.65 is going to be good for one. Same dealio with the spy sell if you initiated in the shared trade zone. Um then yeah it got got to gap down to the extended target right away. I was just looking for it here initially, but either way, um, at this point now, daily no change, I would say, is right here, right? We don't really need these guys anymore, at least not for in the near term, probably. Um, so here's the daily no change level. Uh, 411.44. No change on the daily time frame without acceptance back above. And again, we're we're very much in this big old block of volume now. So, I would not be surprised to rotate to the other side of it. Uh if we were to bounce but you don't fill the gap and then fall back down under 395.27, it's right back to eyeing other side of this uh pretty much weekly sideways trade here. And I guess we should mark up this uh 2022 high as well just to match everybody else. And that's back at 36950. It actually never saw the back test. So this structure is pretty much the equivalent of this guy on the Q's is pretty much the equivalent of this guy on the Q's. Okay. Um, yeah, pretty much the same idea here. All righty. So, for downside references, not sure where the uh volume profile is for this guy. Hang on. Oops. That's one of the larger discrepancies based off of one candle that I've seen. Okay. So, you can see value area high holds over here affirming this structure as demand. And now we are looking for another test of this. So if you were to bounce back up over here on the Dow uh something like this, you know, even if you were to fill the gap, if you can't find acceptance above it, I think that would still be fine to be looking for an additional cell. And for managing your remaining position, it's the same idea. You just want to see some balance and breakdown before walking your stop down. That's actually pretty pretty decent R. So we can probably extend it to something like this, even including this point of control. Okay, that's still three R just to play down to here. Um, so that's pretty much it for the Dow. Everybody is like kind of pretty similar, right? Bigger picture U for the indices at least. Okay, so for the dollar, obviously didn't come into our trade zone. I stand by it. Even if we rally up here, like it's still a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. just looking for further balance within with between these two structures. Uh this guy and this guy, which has obviously contained all this balance um since 2022 and pop and drop over it should be a test of the other side. Didn't give us an opportunity there for this lower high play. But you know, a lot of the time, and this is one of the key takeaways for for me this week is like a lot of the time you can get the bigger picture right, overall context correct, directional bias correct, and you can still fumble and I miss it. And that's okay, you know, like it's not great, but that's okay. It's kind of like um I don't know. It's kind of like Eli Eli Manning, right? Like he, you know, sometimes he's hot, sometimes he's cold, but he pretty much always has the right idea, right? Like he's sending it to the right person. Um but how effectively he does that, you know, you know, he's no Payton, right? Like that's, you know, that's um you know, not take anything. Obviously, he's very talented individual, but that's that's the idea, right? Like you can get the um you can lay out the basic basically you can do everything right and still lose, right? It's kind of like in poker, right? You can get rockets or whatever um board as a rainbow and then uh you know, maybe somebody you know, maybe somebody hits one one uh suit on the on the on the uh one one uh suit on the on the on the uh one one uh suit on the on the on the uh on the flop, right? And then you know, sucks out on you, right? By the time the river comes around with a flush or something, right? like they just pair they play like a I don't know like a like a suited brunt like a 210 suit, right? Suited 210 and you got these rockets and they hit their suit on the flop and you're just betting into them on the flop. You're betting up pre flop. You bet into them on flop. Betting into them on the turn and and they don't have a pair. They just have, you know, uh two two, you know, like two spades or whatever with one spade on the flop and they're like, "Oh, I don't know. I guess I'll call you down, right?" Right. And then and then uh another spade hits on the turn and you bet into them again and then they're like, "Oh, I don't know. I guess I'll call you down." And then, you know, another spade hits and then you you shove and they snap call you, right, with the flesh. Um, you know, that's a that's that can happen, right? So, um, you know, this I think I stand by it. It just uh didn't shake out. And so, we still should be looking for these sellers to make their way down here. And I I think this is responsive trade, reasonable. you can you can recycle this zone that's already worked um to get to the other side back in uh September of 2024. All right, so that's really it. No real change on the dollar. Um okay, so MVDA is finally back testing this guy again. So like I said, I started off uh nibbling. I just sold some CSPs uh for I think for the 11th and the uh 18th I think 11 18th or either the 18th or 25 I forget. But definitely the shorterterm ones just cuz the IPO was so juiced up already that you know um I figure if we do bounce from here, I can probably close those short-term ones out and then just close the uh and then just receive that credit. Worst case scenario, I'll roll it um down and out. if we get a little bit more extended, I'm interested in just starting to uh pick up some shares again. I I wasn't even really DCAing into MVDA because like I reduce it. I just for the DCAing stuff, I just constantly am increasing or reducing it based off of market conditions and what my objectives are, you know, how things are getting balanced or whatever. So for MVDA, I was trimming and uh I my average for MBDA is, you know, stupid low. Uh, so it's here. It's stupid low. So I didn't really want to be aggressive with any kind of um ads. So now though, I am I'm thinking about it again. It's 89 88. Uh 90. It's pretty much 90 bucks, right? Is that key point of control of this guy over here. I think I would be open to looking for a passback overplays. This is just a trade zone setup for a member. It's not Oh. Oh, no. Actually, I think these were set up in these videos, right? I forget. Either way, I think this is a reasonable trade zone, but I'm not really interested in just buying this weakness. So, I'm probably going to look for uh daytime frame setups um to play some bounces. And um that's pretty much it. I am DCAing again as long as we're daily oversold. And then I will look to lighten that up uh if we see some bounce. And I'm always selling credit around the position as well, which I don't think it's calculated into that. I don't know. Either way, um all right. So, this is do or die time for MBDA buyers. they really need to hold this area if they want to continue to do this kind of a balance. I think bigger picture, this is just my fundamental opinion. I really don't see them being disrupted by other semi manufacturers when it comes to um dominating the AI space, particularly data centers. That's my opinion. You do your own research, of course. Um but I'm pretty much always bullish in VDA, at least until we see like a real AI wave come, which I don't really think we've seen it yet. like we've seen like a little bit of a hype wave or whatever, but for most people AI is still a spend. I would, you know, I think it's very similar to like the com boom, right? Where you know the there's a lot of websites, software companies that just all went to zero because the infrastructure really wasn't mature yet for you for you to build like you know your Facebooks or your Netflixes or whatever. So right now the scientific community is really using AI a lot. Patents are going through the roof and whatnot. So um I expect that to translate into you know more fervor for um AI solutions which should translate into more demand for MVDA's hardware. So anyway that's that's my um opinion. Take it for what it's worth. Maybe not much. Why? Um all right. So for Bitcoin, this is very surprising to me. So, very similar to the rut, not seeing a lot of weakness, you know, throughout all this dumping over Thursday and Friday. The fact that you didn't see that in Bitcoin is also very interesting. It's, you know, it's a risk-on asset. It's arguably one of the riskier assets, right? We don't even know who created it, right? Um, so, um, very notable. I I would say that it's holding up really well here and it still hasn't traded through this guy over here. Now, obviously things can change quickly, but the fact that you haven't traded back down to 73835 is very notable in my opinion. And instead, they're getting caught up right here. It's it it doesn't really make that much sense, right? Like it should these sellers should have more gusto right now and they just don't. So, I think that's notable that these sellers are not very strong in Bitcoin. It could be a bit of a canary here. I continue to maintain these are all very reasonable trade zones. Although of course we already this one's already activated. So ideally your stop loss has just walked above this guy and ideally you've already taken some profits. Even if you haven't taken profits on this yet, you could do it right now and still bank like 10%. So I definitely suggest you do that. Walk your stop over this fella and then if this sideways range breaks down, okay, fine. Then you can walk it down to this guy. But for now, I would just leave it as is. Um I still maintain this is a very reasonable place to be looking for buys because it's just responsive trade, right? This is a lot of value established as supply. This is a lot of value established as um demand and so we should see some price action chopping between these two guys as long as there's not acceptance under this guy or above this guy. Okay. Um Ethereum. So Ethereum is weak. I could have swore we set up a sell that was already stopped out. I could have swore we set up a cell, but I guess I'm remembering wrong or maybe I was just talking to somebody here. But um I I still think it's reasonable to be looking for a sell. Honestly, I don't even really want to cover Ethereum to be honest with you. But um maybe I maybe I won't anymore. But something like this I think is very reasonable for uh Ethereum here. Um yeah, I think this is pretty reasonable for Ethereum. Just looking to top fish against this gateway structure into all of this supply over here. And if we do happen to see lower lows, they should be trying to move down to the lows of all this sideways range over here. Here you can see how this is pretty much the gateway into all of this. This guy is the gateway into all of this. So essentially top pushing plays against this guy looking to get back down to the lows of all of this. Makes sense in my opinion. All right, that's pretty much it for Ethereum. And then for uranium, all right, so traded through an initial bounce out, no follow through. This is a stopout. Now, if you were trading along uh with this, this was an attempted ad at this guy over here. So hopefully it didn't make out too poorly, especially because I think we did suggest chopping it up and walking our stop to under this low. So is what it is. Uh at this point now it's reasonable to be looking for a sell, right? Because now again, if we find acceptance under here, where should they be trying to get to? They should be trying to get to the lows over here, right? So now we can set this up like this. Lots of space for a daily high. Um anything under this fellow over here, 23.31 would be good for one, but I'm just going to kind of use this whole structure as a bit of a reference. And then just look for that. this. Okay. So, something like this for UR. I know a bunch of you folks are um uranium people. So, I think it's reasonable to be looking for a cell uh like this. Okay. Maybe maybe not all the way down to those lows, something like that. Um all right. So, for um for review, show and tell, whatever. Um I'm I'm I'm going to try to be really quick because there's there was a lot of trades.  Uh oh, that was the ES buy. I'm like so focused on the um on the uh uh cells that I forgot about the ESY. Okay, so to start off the week because the um overall market was held that key support hold over here that we were looking out for. Remember it was we were looking for this guy to potentially this guy to potentially hold because this is what made for this uh major support and this major support is what led to this most recent breakout. And so you did happen to hold pretty much right above the value area high of that key structure. So on Monday um I tried buys because uh I tried the deep pass looking for the open chop and that was on the uh yeah and that was on the ES Monday. Uh, okay. So, here. And then I was looking for the chop at the open. The open was right here. Okay. So, I look for this pass back over the Jeep. Look for that open chop. I I don't get it. I stop out of it. I missed the chop by two ticks. Uh, missed the chop by two ticks over here. And then I I tell myself, this is why I included it. I told myself that I forgot to pair the RTY cell again. So, recall that like this is do this like it's it's something that plagues me where I just kind of forget to do the pair trade. I get so focused on the trade that I've already done. I watch my work and um it's still something that I'm working through. One of the greater challenges at least for me in my personal life as well, I would I would say is um just getting like too myopic, I guess sometimes, right? I lose the big picture sometimes. Anyway, so um yeah, so just reminding myself, hey, I forgot about that. That should have been my focus as well, particularly because my portfolio is very long, of course, right? So, um, you know, like the longerterm retirement IAS or whatever, especially if you're considering the accounts that I, uh, allegedly manage, like for my wife, for my care. Um, anyway, so that's, uh, that's pretty much it. So, I get stopped out on that first attempt. And then at 950, I make another pass. I make another attempt, Uno Mas. That's the DVO pass. And I was looking for a chop under 48.5. That's at 950. So, we're over here. This is the DVL pass setup. I see this pass back over the DVA. throw my stop under the local low and then I was looking for 48.5 for the chop which was just uh this prior low I believe. Yeah, looking for just a test at this prior low. And so I get that chop and then uh later at 6:00 or whatever and this was kind of an error as well, but I don't think it's a big focal point, but it is kind of an error wherein wherein um sorry I just this catwall back here now and now like not sure what he's doing ever. Um uh what was I saying here? Sorry. Oh yeah. So, I I I kind of traded my P&amp;L, which was a a a bit of an error here because um I just came back like I had to be out um I just came back like I had to be out um I just came back like I had to be out during the day to run some errands and then I came back around 6 p.m. and the and the market absolutely ripped. And so, I was looking at like 100 plus points or something like that. Um like yeah, it was it was it was fairly large. So, I was like I came home, I was kind of I guess tired, a little bit distracted or whatever, but I just saw what had happened in the ES and I just like okay, that's good enough. I'll just close it out. And that's like kind of an error, right? Like I was trading my P&amp;L as opposed to, you know, how the technicals. Now, that worked out fine because, you know, if I'm if I'm thinking about it, how I would have managed it anyway, I probably would have walked the stop up. I did walk the stop up to here in the middle of a day. And then even if we held up over here, by the time that this session closed, I probably walked it up to here, right? By the time that this session closed and then you I guess stopped down in the overnight session. So, you know, I did make out better, but I still consider that an error. I call it exactly for what it is. Just because you had, you know, something green doesn't mean that it was the right thing to do. And in fact, you want to be mindful of that. Kind of like the the the poker analogy, right? Like if that guy who played 210 suited two to two10 um he didn't do the right thing at any of those streets, right? He shouldn't have been there pre flop. He shouldn't have been there at the flop or the turn or the river. Um so, but he won, right? And so that, you know, you you you could very easily think, oh, okay, well, because I did this uh dunk play, I guess it's a good play and I'll do it all the time now. And obviously that's not good long term. So you want to be able to call things for what they are. Even if you are, if it was a green trade, a green trade that wasn't a good trade, it's still a bad trade. Um, oops. So that's pretty much it. And uh, that's pretty much it. So the key points for the ES buy is primarily an error in trading the P&amp;L and two that still worked out good which is almost a bad thing because it can have the potential to condition you poorly but also I forgot to hit the RTY cell that was um that should have been my focal point right because again I was just very uh I'm very long in general right like just with the retirement accounts and stuff so I needed some protection here and I kind of forgot and then so the next day um which is fine because you know it it didn't really do much. But then on was this Wednesday now? Uh on Wednesday. Yeah. So on Wednesday, so I don't want to go over all the plays because there were a lot, but I'll just I'll just uh you know really quickly briefly describe it. So for RTY um on Wednesday, I was looking for that potential sell again because on was that Wednesday? This this day on Wednesday. Yes. On Wednesday, I was looking for that sell again because uh what had happened was the prior day we we had just popped and dropped at the point of control. So, I was looking for this to potentially be a daily lower high and for these sellers to press the issue here um which obviously they they didn't. But I was still fine for the most part on the day. It was it was actually really cheap and if I had gotten the last uh setup, which I couldn't due to a broker connection issue, whatever, um that would have been a banger. That was actually this move. So, I sold it right off of the open first and I stopped out because obviously they didn't see follow-through. That was a very cheap stop. And then I sold it again over here against the point of control. Um, that was a chop and stop. So, a little bit of profit on top, paid for the attempt. And then one more over here when you broke over the regular trading RSI over here later in the session. I did it again over here was a chop and stop and um that one I think was just pretty much flat. So, this one was a small winner, small loser, flat. So, I was pretty much break even on the day. Uh, and then I forget. I think I made one more attempt that that made me red somewhere in here. But this is the one that I missed which was uh unfortunate. I had a broker connect connection issue. I tried to hit that cell over here and that one was really good because this one was confluence of this. So over here oops if we zoom in to Wednesday that's this move here. So this retracement is on the rut is this move over here. Right? You can see how it's pretty much the same uh structure, right? Wednesday's rip up here. Wednesday's rip up here and then this retracement here and it was pretty much a div.a failure and also the value area high daily value area high failure. So we played to that point of control that would have been very good. Um essentially that would have been like I don't know 15 points or so definitely would have would have brought me back into the green. Um but it is what it is and and would have got stopped out anyway at the end of the session. So it would have been a chopping and stop but a very juicy chop and stop. Um, but I w my key point about that day that I wanted to point out, this is April 2nd on Wednesday, is just that I'm interested in the RTY cell targeting the structure marked by the lower arrow as long as holding under structure mark by upper arrow. So that's what I was talking about just now was it's what we've been talking about in these um videos um regarding uh the RTY cell. Okay, like what do we want to do? We want to be a seller if we're under this 2021 structure playing to this guy, this 2020 structure, right? We want to play from here to here. So, like I was saying earlier, the outline, the bigger picture, the context was all good, but I just didn't do a good job executing it. Particularly on this day, uh again, you know, partially the broker issue, but on this day, didn't do a great job. On Thursday, I did a fine job. Um but I still have an error, right? Where wherein I didn't get to really enjoy a lot of this follow-through the next day. So, on um the next day on Thursday, uh I did uh shout out to David. David uh is one of our more active members, contributes a lot, particularly market profile stuff. He's a regular me a regular contributor to our futures gang and just a very nice guy. He's probably the nicest guy in the thread I would say. Um never throw shade at anybody where whereas everybody else is pretty much always throwing shade at everybody else. So anyway, so he sold the ENQ uh and I did the same thing, but I did it on the rut because I was like more focused on the rut because the rut was, you know, obviously very weak. Didn't really even break to a new high um over the 2021 high. So um so I did RTY and looking for a devout chop, whatever. I chopped the deval and then I was looking for more uh out above the open. So, I took more out and then I was out the rest of the O and L. And then this is uh rest of the O and L. And then this is uh rest of the O and L. And then this is uh where I made an error, right? Because this is something that I've been I' I've done very often, particularly last year for Q2, 3 and four when I was focused on, you know, figuring out a way to swing trade futures better. I would start off the position with futures. I would walk my stop up and then uh for runners, if I stopped out of all the futures contracts, I would roll some of those proceeds into either shares or um like calls or puts. And for IWM and RUT RTY last year, I did a great job of that, grinding out RTY points, rolling those into IWM shares so that I could have essentially a free 100 shares of IWM that I could sell credit around. And then I was trying to position for the potential that things would stay strong um and and then potentially see some rotation into small cas. But that tactic worked out really well and I kind of lost sight of that this year because I've been focusing on trying to add to trades as I go. So, it's this new thing that I'm doing and I realized that again I' I've just been kind of too myopic, too focused on this one thing and lost sight of that because this was like a 2K day for the RTY sell on the on Thursday. So, I could have very easily rolled those proceeds into some puts or something to look for the potential of more followthrough, especially because we closed at the lows of the session. So, for me, that's the biggest takeaway. you know, I still um don't I don't consider myself a a master by any means. You know, it's only eight years in the game. They say like 10,000 quality hours until you're a quote unquote master, but you know, I would I would I would estimate many of my earlier hours were not quality hours. So, I'm still here learning just like all of y'all watching. And um I don't think it'll ever stop. And that's really why I like trading because you just kind have have to constantly be learning, constantly be reflecting on your shortcomings essentially, right? And be plucking away, working at them. Um, so that is that's it. That's pretty much it. So, appreciate you guys tuning in. Um, thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. If you're interested in trading alongside a group of full-time traders, check out the chart guides community. Links in the description below. If you're interested in the swing report, which is just two trade ideas sent to you uh every single week, uh live updates for any trades that I happen to do to take, Dan gives you an update, updates you on any swing trades that he's taking as well. And that is uh that's it. So again, I appreciate y'all tuning in. If you could hit us with a like or subscribe, we appreciate that very much. Cost you nothing, helps us out a lot. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. Hope you enjoy the rest of your uh life. They're off.