============================================================
Video: zM9e13ZV-vU
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Will Inflation Burn Buyers?
Date: 2025-08-17
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6986
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:49.603964
============================================================

Buyers broke to new highs before stalling midweek following a hot reading on the producer price index which is a leading indicator for consumer inflation. So that kind of stifles the optimism towards a uh rate cut that the market's been waiting forever for. So uh is this the beginning of the end for buyers or can the market continue to climb a wall of worry? My name is Lamont. This is Mr. Parker. Uh I've been a full-time trader for eight years now. part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and our swing report. Uh in this video we'll cover all of that. He's been a cat for a year. So let's get into it. Uh a year and change. I don't know. I'm not really 100% sure. We found him in the park. Um all right. So he's actually abandoned like right in front of us. But anyway, upcycle our upcycled cat. Um all right. So starting off with the spy here. Uh like I said, the price broke to new highs. So there's really nothing terribly bearish about this situation. Um the hot inflation reading is definitely not ideal. So you know, think about what's happening right now. The backdrop as of right now, the economic backdrop is uh you know, jobs number is not looking great. So unemployment is rising. At the same time, uh producer So basically the PPI is what what like producers pay, right? So like wholesale prices for for goods. Um if those are increasing then you know theoretically those uh increased prices should transfer over to consumers eventually. So it's kind of like a leading indicator for inflation. So it's not really the best economic environment right now. But at the same time you know it's tough to say how much of that is already priced in right because we had this massive fear moment over here which was what like a 20% decline. So how much of that was like not just pricing in the threat of tariffs but also the inflationary effects of tariffs it's hard to say right so um what we can say however in the short term right because forecasting is always easier in the short term rather than in the long term is we can just continue to use our references right as of the April low the market's just continuing to climb this wall of worry and so as of right now breaking to a new high stalling up PPI then trading sideways is really not that big of a deal even if the sellers were to press the issue next week with some more daily retracement. As of right now, this was like next to no retracement, right? Like, you would think that after breaking uh Wednesday's low on Thursday that these sellers could at least try to squeeze some of this one-way trade here, but they didn't like at all. So, that's quite notable. Now, that being said, the buyers also couldn't hold the gap up here, you know, so we're probably looking at late location buyers, right? If we if you're already strong on the daily time frame and then you get a strong open but you cannot hold it and what does that suggest, right? It's just the buying was not terribly strong here. So, if the buying is not terribly strong, then who's doing that buying? It's probably short duration buyers, day traders, like you know, people like you and I. Probably most of the folks that watch these videos at least. Probably. Um, I hope this mic is okay here. I I I Um, I hope this mic is okay here. I I I Um, I hope this mic is okay here. I I I don't It's doing my best to compromise here with with the audio and also the I guess visual. Um, all right. So, anyways, yeah. So even if sellers press the issue next week, uh if if these buyers can just hold over 63985, then the sellers really create no meaningful damage whatsoever. Just holding over this high over here essentially continues to affirm this breakout. There's just really no red flags here. Even if sellers can take out this high, um these buyers are still doing fine if they can affirm this prior all-time high structure as demand, which which would mean holding over 63539. So the key downside references next week going to be the daily no change 63539 and that's really it. there's a ton of space for a daily higher low. Like technically, you know, pure price action perspective, how Dano teaches it, um this is a higher low and a higher high, right? Now, at the same time, Dano does apply nuance, right? Like this is he would call it a dinky little daily high or low. So, it's not really meaningful. Like, I really wouldn't consider this much of a swing low, right? This is absolutely a swing up higher, but I wouldn't really consider this, you know, a swing down yet. So, we shall see. Um, that's pretty much it. So, moving on to the cues here. Oh. Uh, for trade zone, you know, I guess if you were looking to add to this, like I'm thinking upside target, looking at monthly R2. So, if you wanted to add to this trade, like let's say you you initiated in here, you took your profits on the way up, you want to add back to the trade, you want to play up to R2, and you're probably doing something like this. All right? You want to see some retracement into this high volume area, this point of control. You don't want to trade through it. This is pretty much like a halfback situation like a 50% pullback or so down to the golden. I think that's fine, right? And then you're looking to play up to the monthly R2 which just happens to be the uh negative.236 external retracement. So something along these lines I think it's pretty reasonable trying to get here. You can probably play it like from there. All right, moving on to the cues here. Similar situation. Uh it's a little bit weaker, right? Right? So this daily retracement, you've had two days now, right? Where you saw followthrough on breaks under the regular trading hours low. But at the same time, if you look at how the session played out, you know, they were kind of battling it out the whole time. So you break under the regular trading hours low, bounce back into the day range, can't get to the value area low is definitely a red flag. Move lower, lower low, no follow through, come back to the regular trading hours low, reject again, but you know, you failed to get to the value area low twice uh of the development value area low for the day. So you know the selling right now not terribly strong and again as long as we have these key references right this was a notable failure not to come down to 57463 and if these sellers are press the issue next week and continue to fail coming down to 57463 again there's not really any meaningful damage here the next key downside reference I would say is 5660 which is just the high of this structure the 77 to 724 structure which is what we based you know this pullback trade on right these this pullback trade was essentially based off of these two structures holding the low of the structure and then of course here where there was more value established at that time. Like now there's a much higher um amount of volume that was traded here because of these three sessions floating around it. But you know if you'll recall prior to that um it didn't look quite the same, right? This was much smaller back then. So this was the more meaningful chunk of value. Meaningful chunk of value is a funny sentence to me. Um space for a daily higher low. Anything over 55168 will be good for one. And so that's uh that's really it. That's really it for the cues. Similar situation, right? If you want to add to this and play up to the monthly R2, you're probably looking at it very similarly, right? You want to pull back to this area, not much more than that. I guess you could give it a bit more space to work. Something like this. And you can play back to the R1 first. And then your ultimate target should be this monthly R2, right? because we can assume that if you're going to hold over the monthly R1, then the monthly R2 should be the next objective. All right, moving on to the rut. So, this was very notable. So, the rut, what is the rut trying to do? Right, the rut is trying to overcome this structure, right? We know this structure has been very meaningful. The low of it over here rejected price, right? This rip up rejects over here and then you move up to the point of control. Rejection from the pin of control. Rejection from the point of control again. You move down to the low of the structure, right? 21397 is pretty much the low of this range. Drop and pop there. Move all the way back to the point of control. This time you you see no stalling here. So, this was quite notable to squeeze all these sellers out and then some and then gap up. Build a gap, but two days in a row you hold this point of control. In fact, the first day that it was tested, you didn't even touch down on it. And then this day, it's technically is is also a failure to touch down. This is 226 even and the low of the day was 22604. Now, of course, there is like it's imperfect, right? Because I'm I'm marking this up. It's not like it's exactly right, but still it's a very notable hold of uh this key point of control. So, I think these buyers are looking fine. Space for a higher low. I don't care about this stinky one. I would just care about this. I would consider this one big leg up. And so, anything over 21234 would be good for a higher low. And next week, the key downside reference is going to be 226. As long as they can hold over 226, that's the best case scenario. Next best case scenario is to hold over 222.54 to continue negating. Technically, we should care about this. This is the daily no change level 22284. Roughly the same as the low of this guy over here. Um, this breakout from August 12th is being affirmed as long as we're holding over 222.84. Upside reference of course 230.70 just the high of the range. And affirming this point, affirming this uh structure as demand by holding over the point of control keeps these buyers positioned well for a go at the all-time high structure. And of course, the all-time high structure is the only thing left uh before new alltime highs. Um all right, so moving on then to the Dow. Uh for a trade zone, I think you can pretty much just kind of recycle this, right? The odds of the rut kind of balancing further in this range, I think it's pretty good. Like I would not be surprised if we chop. It's not as impulsive as the ES and the ENQ, you know. So, I would not be surprised if we were to continue to chop around in this guy. So, I would just kind of keep looking to bottom fish off the lows of this structure to be honest. All right, moving on to the Dow here. So, for the Dow, um, still hasn't got to our target. So, still bringing shame to the family from that set of trade zones that was, you know, shared what, three weeks ago, I forget. July 28th. So, three weeks ago. Three weeks. Math is hard. Um, all right. So, a little bit of a lagard here. Still yet to test the yearly R1 as everybody else did. It's it's other major indicy pairs uh peers I should say. Um pop and drop at the all-time high. Not a great look, not a great look. But at the same time, daily no change is now here, right? This was the new area. This is a new daily breakout point. So, as long as you're holding over 445.01, this breakout continues to be affirmed. It would also affirm this structure as demand, right? So this guy over here, similar to the rut, uh it's right under the all-time high structure, right? So affirming this Bella as demand keeps these buyers position well for a go at essentially new highs. So if sells enter the market next week, eyes on 445.01, they don't create any meaningful change without acceptance back under 445.01. And again, there's double meaning here, right? Because it's a major point of control and it's a daily breakout point. All right, if higher highs, I'm thinking yearly R1 should be the next objective. I think everybody else has gotten there, right? Uh well, we haven't really been looking at the rut, but the ES and the ENQ, they've already gotten there. Surpassed it and surpassed it. So, we'll see. Moving on to the dollar. That's what we cover next. Okay, the dollar. You think I would remember by now, but um but anyway, so the dollar, I stand by this trade zone. Still makes a lot of sense to me. Um just looking for a responsive trade, right? There's really no change in the last few weeks. Nothing has really happened, right? So, we shared this trade zone way back when. And just looking for balance, right? This is the gateway structure into all of this uh uh uh supply over here. And if you're not going to find acceptance over this fella, then they should try to get back down to the next area of demand, which is this guy, right? Again, the market has already told us what it thinks is important. So, I stand by these two trade zones. Makes a lot of sense. You can't love this, right? This little, if you're a seller, I mean, if you took this trade as a seller, you know, you're you're up decently already, right? So, you can just book your profits, pull any uh asks higher, and then throw your stop over the high of this move. Um, but you can't love it, right? It's not terribly impulsive. with lower highs and lower lows, but lower low not really seeing that much followthrough as of right now. But at the same time, buyers really aren't proving anything either. I'm thinking we probably just shop around in this range for for some time. So that's it. Uh moving on to gold. So gold, if you recall, we were saying, you know, at this point now after this pop and drop here, what the seller should be trying to get done is to rotate all the way back down to the lows. So I think a more conservative operator, you're looking to play down here, right? You want to see, okay, can these sellers get price all the way back down to um the lows of this local balance over here, right? If we were to have seen a lot of follow-through, then looking for a pullback play um to the development value area high or the development point of control, that would have been fine, particularly if they printed higher. But that just hasn't been the case. So, I personally would be more cautious and I would only be interested in looking for deval plays or plays off of this guy. So that's plays that come under the development value area low don't find acceptance pass back over you can buy that look chop it up at the debug chop it up at the DVA and then hold the rest with a stop under the low of the moves trying to see if we can just get follow over this uh big old range. All right, moving on to MVDA. So MVDA, you know, for me personally like I would still just be patient and wait for this back test here. Even if we were to continue to rip higher, right, like another I don't even care how much, right? we can go 10 20 30%. I would still think it's most reasonable to look for this back test, this back test of this area because that's just where there was a lot of demand established, right? There's not a lot of value that was established over here, you know? So, just like these plays that we set up back here was off of this big old chunk, right? It's a little different, right? Because this wasn't sitting at the highs, right? Like this is sitting at the highs of a much larger area of demand, making it, you know, what I call a gateway structure. So, I would prefer that that kind of a setup. looking for a back test of this big old level over here, which would essentially be play for a weekly higher low. We're just stairstepping up on the weekly time frame right now. There's just this little rinky dink pullback. It's really not much of a pullback at all. Um, so that's me like I would prefer to be more patient and wait for that kind of a a play. Momentum style traders, you're just playing off of this guy. I think we set that up, right? No, it's all the way set down there. Um, so that's it really. Uh, we got earnings coming up too. So, you know, waiting until after earnings, not a bad idea. It's 12 days away as of this recording. Bitcoin. So, similar gold, right? Pop and drop, new all-time high, no follow through, not great, right? It's not it's not ideal. But at the same time, as long as you're holding over this guy, which is a prior all-time high, 11200, as they did already over here, well, then all of this bounce is still constructive, just like all of this bounce over here was still constructive because it was holding over this high, right? That's just that's just how the market works, right? If we're not going to negate the most recent breakout, the most meaningful breakout in particular, then there's really not a problem, right? So, we can actually, you know, combine this all into one structure really at this point, but just haven't done so yet. Um, all right. So, getting back under 118018 is not ideal, right? The goal for the buyers would have been to just keep holding over the point of control of this guy, which would keep them positioned well for a go at new high. So coming back down into here, not ideal, but at the same time, not even negating this breakout yet, right? You have to get back under 11575606 in order to negate this breakout. This is all just one daily stair step. Now we're stairstepping down space for a higher low over 112622.14. It's not ideal, you know, but at the same time, it's really not a problematic either either. So um I think it's fine, right? This zone, I think we can continue to recycle this. If you continue to chop around, come into this area, but don't find acceptance, you they should try to rotate back to the highs of this local range. So, I still think this is a very reasonable place to be taking um trade even if it's not for like, you know, not for like a weekly higher low anymore. It'll be potentially for a monthly higher low. All right, moving on to Ethereum. Stand by this trade zone as well. So, flirting with the test, we are testing the alltime high structure right now. Guess I should mark up the alltime high as well. I stand by this. I I still think this is a very reasonable place to be looking for a trade. It's just looking for a back test of this guy, right? This is a back test of local demand. Also a back test of this fella over here. This guy over here, which is what rejected price over here. Rejected price over here. Rejected price over here. Space for a daily higher low. This is a big old stair step up. Anything over 33 354.56 would be good for one. And that is it. It's pretty much a play for a potential weekly higher low. Curious to see what the ETC chart looks like. I mean, it looks pretty solid here, right? There's space for a weekly higher low. There's going to be space for a monthly higher low as well. We're probably doing like a big old EQ, you know? So the the a big test for this ratio chart is going to be 0.04618. Getting back over here to come back into all of this would suggest there's a lot of strength in Ethereum relative to Bitcoin. I wonder what the chart for this looks like. not terribly helpful here. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it for Ethereum. And then finally for CCJ, I would still just wait for this. Like there there it did present this like setup that I've been testing for a while, for like a month now. Did set that up, but I just didn't like how many times it printed higher, so I ended up not doing it. Um, because it's that that setup is just better when like the the TDST is starting. So, because the whole objective is to try to capture this, right? Like if you're familiar with um Jason Pearl's book then in that book they talk about and if you're familiar with Elliot wave theory in that book they talk about like Demar's methodology for um essentially interpreting his interpretation of Elliot wave theory. Right? So that's really what got me thinking to about this setup that I've been testing for which has super high expected value. Um if you're in our community you can message me as I'll link you to the thread where I've been posting all the results to but I didn't love it. Basically, I want to capture these moves, you know, I don't want to really, you know, be so late in it. So, personally, I think holding on and uh being patient, waiting for the potential to back test this fella makes a lot of sense, right? This is the um let's see, this is alltime high now, right? Let me see. Yeah, it's broke to a new alltime high. So, essentially, this is a back test play looking for a potential monthly higher low. Looking for this gateway structure, right? This gateway structure into all this demand. This was a ton of balance since 2023, right? All right. So from 2023 to 2025, they just traded sideways here. So if these buyers can just hold over this guy, then you know that would affirm this big block as demand. Uh I would prefer to be looking for trades somewhere over there. Um all right. So that's it. Uh let's see for trade review here. Uh can get back to using these windows. So that's nice. Um all right. So for October 12th, let me hide the daytime frame versus October 12th. What do we do here? Bought the ES pass brok. Okay, 812. Why did I do that on 812? 812 was this day. Okay, so we're trying to play was a strong open, right? So, and the buyers are in control, but I think I remember talking about this now. like it it's a situation where this is the environment where you still want to be a buyer, but because you're so many days into the move already, you kind of want to be a cautious buyer. So, if you're going to play a strong open, it needs to be cheap. Uh you're probably playing to the overnight high first. And I think this is a situation where I didn't capture most of this day at all. Just like a small little base hit. Um so, let's see. Yeah, I recall this day now. So, on 812, what was happening was again, it's a strong open. We're here. uh we opened over the value area high and I'm just eyeing this uh situation knowing that okay well if we uh the first post that I include here is it's only 1.4R 4R or buying the new high that was at 32. Um, so I knew that it was not was at 32. Um, so I knew that it was not was at 32. Um, so I knew that it was not good buying the new high over the prior candle. So I ended up just doing the pass back over the open for slightly better R. Um, that made it for 1.5. So let's see. Uh, I was just saying uh let's see to our regular trading hours. I assuming the uh oh I'm sorry that was measuring this. So this the value area high to here is what I was thinking. Um, uh, no. Yeah, that's right. The one minute high. So, let's see. There was not a low. So, I was just looking at the XLF and, uh, XLV. XLF was ripping, but it was like kind of the only one that was strong. And XLV was a pop and drop at yesterday's value area low. That was not ideal. And then ENQ was battling for the point of control. And then it's in that moment, I think ENQ then started recovering. Um, so that's in the 12th here. I think it started to firm up. I mean, yeah. So, it looked firm. It started to firm up here. So, I thought, okay, maybe it's going to try to join uh XLF and that would be enough for the ES to get going. So, I just bought that pass back over the open. Um, I chopped it at the regular trading hours high. Oh, I'm sorry. I bought the Deepo pass. Uh, so it was about 1.5. It's roughly the same. It's all pretty much the same trade. Um, so I see the value area hold uh value area high hold from yesterday, which means buyers are moving value higher from session to session. So I'm thinking, all right, we can play to the regular trading hours high. I can play to the overnight high and these buyers need to get over the overnight high in order to affirm the overnight bars have the most confidence in day plus buying. So that's, you know, that's why you want to exit those trades before those key uh tests if you frontload all your risk. So chop it. And then I was saying the ENQ was approaching yesterday's regular trading high. So I'm just watching the context here. XLV just highs of yesterday's end of the day balance. So like things still look kind of shaky here. Um and then I bailed on it because it just didn't look good anymore. So at 40 I I was looking for it a little bit higher. I think like 41. So I missed it by like a point or so. And I just didn't just didn't love it, right? It was being sluggish and like for all those context things that I was talking about, right? XLF or rather XLV wasn't looking great. Um let's see where is it? XLV initial rejection from that high end of the day balance. So, what that is is this on the 12th uh for XLV, we were just rejecting from here at this point. So, I just didn't love that, right? This rejection over here spooked me. I was thinking, all right, this that's not a it's not a great look. XLF was doing this on the 12th. Um over here, XLF was fine. So, XLF was the one who was looking fine. XLV didn't look great. And then the Q's on the 12th uh look like this in the beginning of the session. So there was a pop and drop situation. So I just didn't love it. Ended up taking it off at 38. That was a good call because I do end up getting stopped out here for the rest. But this was already pretty nice solid win. And then uh I wasn't prepared for these white pot plays. I don't know why. I forget. Uh ah I was talking. That's right. Funko moved to Thailand so we were chatting. Whatever. I I I don't mind that, you know, like it's technically it's an error, right? Like missing a trade because you're just socializing or whatever is technically an error. Um it's definitely high opportunity cost, but friends are important. So, so anyway, um missed that, but these are nice clean trades, right? Like even if this one I think this one is good R, right? This guy off of yesterday's point of control. Look, you buy that break stop is under here. That's good R. No, I'm sorry, it's not. But this one's much better. This one's fine, I think. Let me make sure here. It's not great. So, whatever. doesn't even matter. Um, all right. So, that was all that I did on the 12th, right? And then for the 13th, 13th, I sold RTY against the daily value area high. And I think that was a stopout. So, here, let me let me make this bigger, I guess, so it's easier to see. Um, okay. Okay. So on the 13th here on the rut uh 13th on the right were over here. I just sold this move back under the open because at this point now on the 13th we were opening up over here. We opened up uh here. So, I was thinking, all right, well, it's it's pretty extended into this move. We know this this structure is significant. I was thinking if we roll back down under the open, then, you know, that's early indication that these sellers should try to get back here. They should try to gap fill. They should try to get back to the point of control. And they did do that. They just not on this day. Clearly, I was very wrong on that day. So, I just uh sold it. It makes me wait a little bit, I think. Uh yes, makes me wait quite a bit. And then eventually, I stop it out over like 8 minutes later or whatever. And then later I try to pass back over the uh DV valve. So ENQ no lower low. It's 948. So 948 is here. What's it 13? 13 13 uh 13. So I just I'm thinking at this point the the QQQ is looking like this on the 13, right? So, it's it's trying to hold its gap. And I'm thinking, all right, well, it didn't press well initially, but there's so much gap that it needs to fill. I'm thinking there's potential for balance. And if that's going to be the case, then DV valval plays are reasonable, right? Looking for a pass back over the development value area low, it becomes reasonable. And this R was was pretty solid, right? From the DV val to the development value area high with the stop under the low was 1.8 R. So, I I do that um do that as at 48. R. So, I I do that um do that as at 48. R. So, I I do that um do that as at 48. So I buy it pretty much right there and then um let's see bought the dval whatever diva chop it was practically 2 then I stopped the rest out and then that was pretty I didn't do anything else for the rest of the day so that was it so uh one stop on the rut and then so it so uh one stop on the rut and then so it so uh one stop on the rut and then so the ES two chops stop out the rest that was decent rut full stop not ideal and then the ENQ chop and stop so not bad pretty solid and then the 14th Uh that one was a was quite a good trade. 14th was similar concept. It was a very similar concept to to the uh devout play here. Um because if you expect balance, right? Like if you think balance is going to shake out, then um the development value area low or yesterday's value area low makes a lot of sense, right? So on that day um the 14th we opened up here, right? So the sellers had a really good start. They had a little gap down open and it was the first time that their position wanted to move value lower from a session to session perspective under the regular trading hours low and under the value area low. So they kind of failed miserably, right? You open up here, open up really strong for a seller and you fail right away. So I this is the kind of context where you would expect balance, right? Because if the sellers aren't going to press the issue right away, then what should the what should the buyers do? They should try to get to the other side of the range. How many times have you heard me say this, right? Like if you're going to higher high, no follow through, what should happen? The sellers should try to get to the lows of the range. If you're going to lower low, no follow through, what should happen? Buyers should try to get to the high of the range. Right? So the fact that these sellers could not press the issue right off the jump increases the potential that we're going to balance today. What do I need to see to increase the potential that we'll balance further is I need to see the value area high get popped as well and not see acceptance because I want to buy long, right? Because I still want to be a cautious buyer. These buyers are in control. They're still affirming the daily breakout, big rip up. We're in all we're in blue sky, you know. So, I still want to play with the buyers, but I want to be cautious. So, I set up all this context. I let the uh you know, the futures fellas know. I'm I'm just going to wait to let the market digest this move initially first um because I didn't want to be an aggressive seller. And so, I'm thinking balance within yesterday's VA is likely. That's at 950. And then I I wasn't really seeing a setup that I like. So again, I said for an ENQ, I would like to see the value area high and the overnight high pop and drop and then stall at yesterday's or the day the developing value area low. So that's at 9 first, you know, at 9 at 10:00 is when I say that, right? So 10:00 we're here. What happened? Oh, at 10:00 we are um here, right? So, we've not yet gotten to yesterday's value area high. We didn't yet pop over the overnight high. I guess I I didn't fail to mark it up, but we hadn't gotten to the overnight high yet. Wait, is this What day is this? 8. No, it's 8:14. I messed up the uh references here. I didn't include the overnight high, but we hadn't popped it yet. So, I'm I'm calling this out at 10, like way way before it even sets up. Um and so I'm thinking yeah so we need these WA tags yesterday's value area high tags to increase the odds of balance and then I'm just talking to somebody you know responding to their question but this is more context for the situation I'm talking about what I was just said right sellers were positioned well to press the issue and then they didn't so that increases the potential for balance and then was have now also been tested increasing the potential for further balance so good chance that value is going to go sideways now right which means then that we can be bottom fishing off of yesterday's uh lows, right? Yesterday's lows, the yesterday's value area low and the deval. Like these are the key spots now for location. The way that I like to describe it is context. So balance gives you uh bias. Bias gives you location. Location tells you your tactic essentially, right? So um that's pretty much it. So at 28, I buy this one minute stair step here. So that's uh 28 is this candle here. let the fellas know and ladies know. Um, and then it really makes me wait for so so long. And the first chop that I wanted to do was uh I wanted to look for a deep back test, right? Because if they were going to see further balance, then not only should we hold the developing value area low, not only should we not allow acceptance under the value area low, not only should we should these buyers defend the regular trading hours low, their next objective should be the developing point of control because if they want to continue to threaten balance, they need acceptance back over the development point of control. So that was the goal, this purple line over here. But I see that this breakdown level here, the no change relative to this supply 23927.25 is right there. So I just figured, okay, let me just look for the exit before that. Um because I don't want to see a failure, right? Like I would prefer to get that chop. And that was a 1.5R chop. So that was pretty solid. And then I was looking out for more out at D.A. That makes me wait again forever. Like look at look at how long you have to wait for this to it's did not feel good. Um, but you buy here, you wait like 20 minutes, you finally get to your first target, it fails at your first target, right? So, you get to chop, you fails at your first target, and then it comes all the way back down, almost takes you out, and then grinds slowly higher to the objective, the next target. And that makes a lot of sense because it's balance, right? So, balance typically is very choppy, right? You have a lot of chop, a lot of chop, a lot of chop. So, is what it is. And then for the last one, I just walked the stop up. Um, I want the stop up to under the regular trading hours low and got stopped out in the end of the session because I wasn't I I was just thinking, you know, balance, right? So, I would not be surprised if we were at a U-turn. But at the same time, there was the potential that this is just going to be an hourly higher low, right? The plays over here, this was an hourly higher low. We could have just higher high and then kept ripping. So, I wanted to leave a runner for that potential, but I just stopped that last piece out, break even. But, this was a really solid trade. um like way, you know, it was like 60 60 70% of of the gains for the week, right? Just this one trade. So, that was um pretty good. I I guess I stopped updating it. I forgot. But I essentially stopped out the rest. I did explain um you know, my reasoning of like wanting to hold the runner and but I also said like, you know, I wouldn't be surprised if it just completely U-turns because that's just balance. That was the whole idea, right? We wanted to see a U-turn here, right? So that we could be prepared for a U-turn here, you know? So that is it my friends. Um yeah I appreciate you all tuning in and if you are interested in you know getting like it's very helpful to be in a room right to because it's different like when people are doing trade review like this it's very different than just you know thinking through the trade in the moment and then seeing it play out live while you're following along with it. that's very helpful for for you know figuring out the process right like you know learning the ropes or whatever. So if you're interested in that um check us out links in the description below if you want trade zone sent to your email inbox every week get an update from me get update from Dan. Uh we post updates for any trades that we actually take from the report. Um check that out. Swing report links in description below. Otherwise again I appreciate you all tuning in. Thank you for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Uh, hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Very well.