============================================================
Video: fxWjhQApu_o
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers All Clear?
Date: 2025-09-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7295
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:31.341932
============================================================

The market sold the rate cut news, but sellers failed to create meaningful damage, not even negating the most recent local daily breakout point. So, should we keep our moon suits on or is it time to consolidate some gains? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it. All right, so first things first, we should discuss um the ray cut. So the ray cut came as expected because it was the most likely scenario. Um it was partially priced in, right? Or somewhat priced in. So your initial reaction selling that event very reasonable, right? But as always, regardless of whether or not there's some kind of, you know, fundamental development econ, you know, rate cuts or whatever, um it's always a matter of what kind of change can be established or negated, right? So the most recent change was to the upside, right? Because we had this expansion over 65221. And so, like we were saying last week, if it is going to be a sell the news event, then that's fine as long as we can hold over 65291 to just keep affirming this September 10th breakout, which is the case right now. Right? This selling was not terribly strong, right? Did not get to the breakout point. And then higher prices relative to the Wednesday session were accepted for two sessions in a row. I think actually value moved higher. Uh oh, wow. Okay. Okay, so I'm still having a data problem right now. It's It's not even loading. Trading View is giving me some problems recently. There we go. There's that Friday data, I think. Yes. Um, so honestly, this is it's not a red flag, per se, but the buyers did not move value higher on Friday. So, you know, again, it's it's not that big of a deal, but you call it exactly for what it is. Inside bar, value actually moved lower. And this is only an inside bar because um of the divvy, right? So if you look on the S&amp;P, then you know the the the index which is the chart that we should prioritize, you know, it did make a new high. So that being said, value still moves sideways, right? If you look at the ES here, value just move sideways. So there's the potential then that next week we could see some consolidation of this range expansion, which really wouldn't be that big of a deal. And again, it's not a big clue to go on, right? Value moving hot moving uh sideways from session to session is still not sellers pressing the issue. So next week, however, if we do happen to get a weak start and sellers can move value lower from a session to session perspective, meaning we can get a good majority of the session below Friday's value area, all right, that's going to increase the potential that we're looking out for some further daily balance. And even if we are looking out for some further daily balance, that would be fine. Again, as long as we're holding over 65221, that's no problem. And really 64464, even that would be fine, right? So, the best case scenario, if we continue to consolidate here, uh, hold over 65291. Next best case scenario would be to hold over 64464 and we can create, you know, rinse and repeat this same exact idea, right? It's it's this it's the same idea, right? wherein as long as we are holding these areas where the market has previously found uh value right creates some created some demand over here well then these buyers should try to move up to the monthly R2 the yearly is a bit higher I think making biscuits back there um the yearly is up here at 69650 so bigger picture, you know, I think if we can break the monthly R2, I think the yearly R2 is a pretty reasonable spot to be looking for that um advancement. Okay, so as of right now, again, there's really no red flags for these buyers. So, keep your moon suits on until 652921 is broken. If 6521 breaks, maybe unzip it a bit. Um, but if these guys hold, then you just zip it right back up because again, there's no meaningful damage unless these buyers can, sellers, I should say, can take out these uh demand zones that were established. All right, that's I'm talking about this guy and then all of this chop here. Okie do. Um, at this point too, if you're um using these trade zones, or if you've already used these trade zones, you can walk your stop up to like 65221, if you want to be a little bit looser with it than under this chunk of of volume over here, call it 642. Very reasonable place to walk up a stop for any runners uh from any of these trades back here. Even if you've taken profits, I think it's fine. Um, if you have taken profits, let's say you got this one and you added here and you've taken profits on the way up, then I think leaving your stop under this chunk of demand. So, under 632.95 would be fine. If you've not taken any profits, then you know, maybe tighten it up a little bit just so you walk away with a bit more of a winner even if we do see some retracement next week. Let's these biscuits, professional biscuits over there. Um, all right. So, for the Q's here, pretty much moved right to the monthly R2. I mean, you know, there's confluence here, right? Because it's a pretty round number as well. 600 even almost. Um, and again, same dealio, right? Here's your Wednesday open. Sell the news. No change whatsoever, right? Don't even negate the breakout over this high, right? Not even close to testing the point of control of the prior all-time high structure, 5806. and then gap and hold and advance. So, uh that being said, again, this advance not terribly impressive, right? If you look at it from a session to session perspective here, oops. Um then, it's weird. Oh, I see what I've done. Uh if you look at it from a session to session perspective here, then yes, price moved higher, but value was really just overlapping to higher. So, you know, it's not full steam ahead right now. The best case scenario would have been for value to have a clean break higher. So, again, next week, if the sellers can move value lower relative to Friday, that would increase the potential that we just look for some further daily balance, which would be healthy. Just like all of this daily balance was constructive relative to here, and this was just uh consolidation of this move. It's the same idea, right? So, any sideways chop here would just be consolidation of this breakout. And if you can't negate this breakout, then all of this consolidation is constructed. All right. Uh All right. So, I I don't think we had a trade zone set up. Um that was from back here. I think it's reasonable to be looking for it over here. If we were to retrace and then using this zone, something like here might take a few weeks to set up. But you know again if you hold this area don't allow acceptance in here then probably another retest of the monthly R2 the yearly R2 is a ways away if you really want to be ambitious that's an extended target is fine and you know again you have these um trade zones of old that worked out quite well. So if you're just running a managing a position uh same deal right you want to hide your stop loss under this prior all-time high structure unless you've taken profits. If you've taken profits along the way up and you got an ad, then even under this big structure would be fine in my opinion. All right, but if no position, looking for a new position, I think this is pretty reasonable. Moving on to the rut here. So, the rut, man, seriously, it gives you PTSD. All these breakouts without um follow through here. So, another pop and drop for the rut, but it's really not as bad as it seems, right? Well, he's still making biscuits back there because um this breakout not negated, right? So, a couple things. Not only is this local daily breakout over 24093 not yet negated, but also the buyers defended the value area high of this all-time high structure. So, technically even though this day was controlled by the cash market sellers and the rut from a session to session perspective, uh let's see, this is not giving me the Friday data. Hopefully next week the data issues get sorted out. It was a clean break. Wait, no, it's not giving me the Friday data. I'm not sure. Hang on a second here. I just move over to IWM. It was overlapping. All right. So again, you know, bit of a red flag, right, to have this over overlapping value. But on the daily time frame, again, what we care primarily about is this point of control. It's pretty much the same level as a daily breakout point. So next week, if on Monday or subsequent sessions, even if they move value lower relative to this Friday session, if you can't find acceptance back under 2493, it's really not that big of a deal. So, is this time different for the rut? It's hard to say. You know, it's uh it's just so many times you broke into a new highs and not seen acceptance. And if you do happen to break to a new high and you don't see a follow through, what you should expect is a test of the lows of the range you just left, just like this first one, right? You leave this year of balance, no acceptance, look above and failed, come back down, they rush to the other side to test it because that's just how balance works, right? a few um the analogy that I like is or example it's not really an analogy because nobody would ever do this I don't think but maybe the mythbusters um for whatever reason kind of feels familiar but anyway it's like um you know balance is kind of like a a fish tank right and it's filled with water and for whatever reason it's on a seessaw right and so you move to one side you move to the other side it slloshes from one side it slloshes to the other and if it doesn't pour out the other side completely, what's going to happen, right? Even if a little bit falls out like over here, even if you leave the range by a little bit, but you can't stay like on that side, you can't stay tilted over such that most of the water is going to come out, you know, it's going to it's going to bounce, right? And then it's going to slash back. So that's the idea um right now. Uh that's the idea of balance, I should say. And so if we see another situation like that, then the first place they should try to get to is the value area low and the low of this all-time high structure which is here, right? Because they're trying to leave this guy now. And then if you zoom out, right, and this is if this is going to be a higher high vol there's the potential that we just do this again, right? We just do another U-turn down here. Um, you know, there's no real indication of that yet. the the biggest thing would be if we if we lose the point of control as support that's going to be our first like okay that's a bit of a red flag then if we lose the low of the range 23774 that's going to further increase that potential and then I would say if we fall back down under this guy okay that's again is going to just keep continue to increase the potential that we are looking for really bigger picture balance more of it which you know Nothing should ever be surprising, right? You should keep an open mind to everything. And like, you know, I know the market has been hyperfocused on rate cuts. But, you know, at least for me, the optimism for rate cuts when I was playing for an RTY position in here last year, the economy was strong, right? The labor market was strong. That's kind of not looking to be the case anymore. So, I'm honestly not that bullish um even with the rate cuts. Like I know that's what the market cares about right now and that's a narrative, but I'm I'm much more wary of that now. Like last year if we had gotten rate cuts while the economy was strong, okay, I think the small caps would would have ramp pretty hard. But, you know, again, it's it's a different situation now. tariffs are now hitting and you know I have a hard time seeing I think we have I think we've had uh there's more people unemployed than there are job openings for the first time in a long time since like 2021 I believe so you know cracks in the labor market starting to appear inflationary pressure potentially around the corner weak dollar strong gold it's like you know seems like it's signaling some rough economic future in the short term. Um, but we'll we'll we'll see how that goes. Take it one day at a time. Um, all right. So then that's pretty much it for the IWM. So moving on to the Dow here. Uh, the Dow is fine. All right. So again, if you are uh in from this trade zone here now, you do have a breakout. So, walking your stop up to under this low, 45778. Not unreasonable in my opinion, man. This guy's really going at it, huh? He's sad. Um, he loves that blanket. That's actually my dog's blanket. Um, that usually I put over here to get her to stay when I'm in the office to train her, but man, he took right to it, so I guess it's his now. Um, anyways, let's see here. I wish they would share it. That'd be a dream come true. Daily higher low set at 45778. And again, 45867 is what we care about. If these sellers can't get back down under that, then they don't even negate this breakout from September 11th. So, that's really it. Yearly R1 has now been broken. So, I'm thinking we should probably look up at the R2. Oh, it's already marked up. It's a ways away. 49634. Um, that's really it. I I don't hate using another trade zone here, honestly. Like playing up to that level is probably a bit too ambitious. Um, but you know, a trade zone like this and then I guess we can bring up the monthly levels knowing that very soon it will be a new month. So, this is, you know, going to change here. But something along these lines, I think, uh, quite reasonable. something like that. It's very very reasonable. Even if we get to that target first, if you retrace into here, no acceptance. Should be another test of that R2 for the month. All right, moving on to the dollar. So, the dollar finally some follow through on this setup to freaking forever um almost two months to get down to the uh next key zone. This is that that's this demand zone over here. Like I said, I stand by both of these trade zones that the dollar has the propensity to balance for lengthy periods of time, right? So, I would not be surprised if you could just kind of recycle these zones over and over again. Um, and that's what I recommend, you know? So, initially drop and pop again at this uh next area of demand. That's this fell over here. This is exactly where these buyers defended last time. No reason to believe they won't defend it again. And if they do, they should be trying to get back here. It's very straightforward. You know, it's this is why I I very much like this kind kind of analysis because, you know, you have a lot of time to kind of know where the location should be and it's just based off of like prior areas of change. So, it's all like very logical. you're not like, you know, looking at am I on the right time frame and or, you know, have I anchored this uh channel to the right points or trend line to the right points or should I use these two pivots for fibs and I I I used all these tools in the past and I and I like them. I still think I personally think there's, you know, you you any tool set can provide edge, right? It's it's it's really a matter of how you put it all together, I think. So, I'm not knocking any of those things, but you know, for me, I I very much like this form of analysis because it's just like it's got a lot less room for subjectivity and um you have a lot of like time to look ahead. And then targeting is also quite straightforward as well, right? You're just playing from value to value. It's like a pinball machine or something. Um anyway, that's pretty much it. So, that's really it for the dollar here. The gold is looking totally fine. No problems. So just very straightforward, right? Back tested this area of local daily demand. Initially try to hold a point of control. Eventually hold this valued area low and now you're right back to looking up at the all-time highs. So this consolidation is super healthy. In fact, even if it were to come back down to 3500, you know, lose 5% or so would still be constructive relative to this big block of demand. I personally would be more interested in looking forward here. I just don't really like to chase um you know after there's already so much expansion I I prefer to look for value plays based off of where there was value established previously. Um but you know aggressive operators playing off of this guy so far being paid. You know, I don't hate that, but I I can't recommend it for these videos because they're once a week videos. In a week, a lot can change. If you're a daytime frame operator, just, you know, buying long, as long as you're holding over 3645, I think that's totally reasonable. In fact, I would not be surprised if there was a setup, right? I mean, you know, there are setups right off of this level, even if you're a seller, right? So, sell setups off of the buys. Nothing really for you here. Sell setups here, even though they don't see followrough, very reasonable. And then these buy setups. Dirt cheap, right? Dirt cheap. Just getting to the value area high of this structure, you know, your reference structure, very cheap. Just buy that, pass back over it, trying to get here, stop under the low, no problem. Um, all right, moving on to NVDA. So, NVDA, this is all very healthy consolidation as well. Super constructive just consolidating this rip up right now. There's no red flags. You know, I still would prefer it down here, right? I just again I don't really love um chasing. Although honestly at this point now with this amount of balance like you could even look at it like this and and do deval setups. I think that would be fine. Again if you're a more active trader um looking for like a pass back over the developing value area low and chopping it up at the deep. I think that's fine. Like you pass on these probably because there's no setup here, right? Uh this if you bought it here it's a stopout. This one is absolute banger. This one is still working, right? Or no, you'd have to have gone in here. So, that one's tricky, I guess. Still, I would I would prefer to do it do it like this. Maybe just zoom in and see if you can get a more granular setup here. Uh, again, that one's fine. I guess if you were to use the low here for that, that would have been okay, but you don't really you're not really confident in balance yet there. Um anyway, the idea is like like this, right? If you see price come down here and it sets up such that it doesn't pierce the developing value area low by much and then it passes back over it, your first target is the deep. So, you know, if it sets up like that, something along these lines, giving it a bit of wiggle room like that, I think that's fine. That's again much for a much more active approach. However, uh if you are just, you know, being patient, I would not be surprised with an eventual back test of all of this value that was established back here. I would not be surprised by that at all. All right, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin pretty much a picture perfect rejection from the point of control of the all-time high supply. So, sellers essentially playing defense exactly where they have to right now. But, you know, again, they haven't even negated this breakout yet, right over 113390. So this uh consolidation of this breakout still fine right as long as long as you hold over this guy ideally you'll find acceptance over 118018.11 to affirm this structure as demand right now it's acting as supply and if you can't find acceptance over 118018.11 sounds like something a robot would say um then um they would be positioned well for new highs right simple as that I I'm okay with recycling this. I think using reusing this tray zone makes a lot of sense again because this is just based off of this, right? If you don't come into here, then they should try to keep chopping around like this. Ethereum, same dealio. Like they the sellers again, they're they're playing defense, right? They're not allowing acceptance over the all-time high supply. Um but at the same time, they're not negating this breakout, right? So 3941.86 that becomes super key. Again, I I stand by this trade zone. I still think this is the most reasonable place to be looking for plays. Essentially just looking for a back test of this guy, which hasn't even happened yet. You can't love that, right? Like it's it's hard to love this, you know, couple of higher highs, not seeing followthrough, but you have to call things exactly for what they are. These are buyers failing to advance, not sellers pressing the issue, right? Sellers are just playing defense here, you know? So any selling right now would be aggressive, right? Like there's it's kind of premature to join the sellers right now. Like might you be rewarded for boldness potentially, but you know in general that is an exercise in frustration. Like once you have some daily supply clear, break down from this, negate this demand zone, uh selling will become a lot easier. Just like over here, you have this demand zone, you have this supply zone. Selling in here, you know, could have worked. It's probably pretty tricky. Once you take out this demand zone, now you top fish in this guy using this structure. That becomes a lot easier. Like this first one is tricky. When you only have supply overhead and you've not taken out demand, that's tricky, right? Because a recovery can just take you to new highs, you know? But once you have taken out demand as well, that lets you know, oh, this prior area of where these buyers established value has been negated. Sellers are now pressing the issue, right? Whether they see follow-through from that, who knows? But at least they're showing you that they're now on offense, you know? Like, why bet on the team to score if they're not even in possession of the ball yet, right? Let them have possession of the ball and then you can start doing your ridiculous prop bets on DraftKings or whatever. Um, all right. So, that's it. And then finally for CCJ, again, CCJ is looking strong. Uranium sector in general is looking pretty strong. All these hype sectors look great. Quantum, which like doesn't even make any money yet, ripping. Um, so you know, is this a dash to trash situation? Perhaps, but it also is a risk-on situation. So that being said, that can change, you know, and so I still stand by this guy. I just want I would prefer it if we can see a back test of this big block of demand. All right, so that's it. Um, all right. So for trade review here, uh, 917. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's right. I didn't do much in the beginning of the week. Just wasn't really feeling it. Didn't really see anything that jumped out at me. Kind of in my head a little bit to be completely honest. Um yeah, I'm kind of in my head. Uh like I've been hesitating a lot. Uh just not trading really sharp in my opinion. I think it's due to my bad blood work. I got some bad blood work and like um you know that part is whatever, right? Like I'll probably be fine. Um probably fingers crossed. Um, but I think what it is is that like I just wasn't expecting it. I thought I was living pretty healthily, you know, decent amount of exercise, cardio, resistance training, and at least a third to a half of my calories per day were like pretty healthy, you know, whole grains, fruit, um, yogurt, vegetables. Um, so I thought it was okay, but I got some pretty bad blood work. And so really what I think is what's going on is like psychologically is that like I kind of let myself down like I it was a shock, right? And so I guess my confidence has kind of been shaken because I I really wasn't expecting uh any kind of bad blood work. Um but the doctor, you know, basically was like what you doing, bro? Like this is not good. So, um, yeah, it's probably too much steak and pork and Korean barbecue over this summer and bing soo. Uh, I guess it was kind of a sinful summer. Anyway, um, I think that's kind of affecting my my my psyche a bit like if that makes sense, right? Like it's we're, you know, one unit, right? So like feeling surprised by my decisions in one area of my life, which is a pretty large area health. Um kind of like it's kind of I've taken a little bit of a self-confidence hit, I think. So anyway, um just been kind of hesitant, a little bit of gunshy. It's still ekking out base hits, couple of honestly a couple of home runs even, but I just don't feel like I'm firing on all cylinders. Um, it's also I'm also making a ton of lifestyle changes all of a sudden, so that could be throwing me off. But anyway, let's get to it. So, for ENQ here, uh, I was buying off the regular trading hours low and the 9:15 point of control. So, on 9 was that 17 on 917. Oh, that was in the FOMC morning. Okay, so FOMC morning I'm like trying to position before it before it gets done uh before it starts. I was originally looking to sell against um um the regular trading hours high for the rut. So the rut on this day um let's see here I tried to get another buy off of here. So here's where we opened up right and then here I'll just sync this Uh we opened up here and then on after this move I I had a limit order here and I was hoping for a retest and then I just had my stop under it but I didn't get that fill so I just shift gears to um ENQ and for ENQ I bought the let's see and I and I didn't love it right because it was uh so I was saying that the apple was the only green Fangman T name. So, it's hard to be too confident as an NQ buyer when there's only one Fangman T name that's strong. Um, but either way, I I just, you know, took a shot here. And so, let's see. It's at 917 and that was just this. All right. I bought this move back over. So, we s the the candle wasn't done printing yet, I don't think. Or it was on this candle, I think. So, I buy this move back over the regular trading hours low and I'm just trying to get back to yesterday's value area low because I'm thinking it's FOMC. You know, what are the odds that we like moved really far away from value? Probably not great. Probably. Um, so that was my thesis. So, I took a stab here, stopped it out, and I tried it again on this one minute stairst step break, and then stopped out again. And so that was like $2400 real quick in like 3 minutes. Um, so you know, typically if I take take a stop out twice in a row when I didn't get any partial exits out, I just time out for the day. Like I'll put myself in timeout for the day. But it's FOMC and so I was like, okay, I'll just be time out until FOMC. Because for FOMC, what I like to do is I like to scalp in between the daytime frame references because it's almost like another open like a like I like trading the open because that's when you know you have really good volatility. Typically liquidity is pretty good after the first like five or six seconds or so. Um so that's what I like to do. I like to throw my orders right in the books. So like I'll just have like a you know assuming like let's say price is starting off over here and then FOMC reaction comes. I'll have the stop sell here and the and the limit buy right here and then a lot of time those are like 3-se secondond trades or whatever because price will just you know once the FOMC news comes out then essentially everybody's trying to rebalance and so all of these key daytime frame references which are all references of change they tend to get tested over and over again um and so if you break one then they want to test the next one to see if there's if there's followrough on this change right makes sense right so um that's how I like to get it done on FMC days if you're you know in the future room. If you're part of our community, then you you can look back on all the days when when it's FMC. This is how I'd like to get it done all the time. And there's like more specific videos and stuff in the in the chat. So, stop full stop w um and I that that that's really it. And then I also missed an opportunity because I was in timeout jail. Like this was such a good setup, right? One minute stair step right from the low of the day. You missed the open. It was really cheap, right? something along these lines. Your stop is over the high. Try to get here. You know, I think that would have been pretty reasonable, but um I mean, honestly, the R is not great. Either way, I was in timeout jail, so I didn't do anything there. And then I wait until the FOMC hits and then uh I played off the overnight high in the ES. So, the ES Oh, there's I I don't have it uh dropped. The first one is here. It's It was a chop and stop. So, the first one was this uh Yeah, it was on this on this candle. So, I was just hitting this. I had the limit in for this guy. um sold the ES1H back test. So that's on this candle. I just dropped that limit in there and then looked for the exit I think at the PDC, but I forget. I always forget to mark up the PDC because it moves, but the PDC was somewhere a little bit under the open. Um so chopped it up, stopped out the rest. So that was, you know, whatever nothing burger kind of a trade. And I say, um let's see, stopped the rest, but I'm still eyeing it if a failure to the regular trading RSI. So, you do fail to get to the regular trading RSI. So, I just sold that 1 minute stair step. That's this over here. Um, I typo for 11. It's not even close to SS. I don't know what happened. Just like a brain glitch there. Um, you know, it's all happening quite quickly. So, um, that was it. Sold the one minute SS, chopped it up at the overnight high, chopped it up at the open, and chopped it up at the, uh, regular trading hours low for the last piece. And then that was it. Um that was it. And that was it. I didn't I didn't do anything else. It was still a red day, but this trade brought me, you know, close to to uh even think 19 and then plus 24. So 20 45 and then 52. Yeah, it was like pretty much five after that. So not bad. Um, make up for the morning mistake. Not mistake, but make up for the morning tra. I shouldn't even see it as makeup. Don't don't think about it like that. They're just separate trades. You're not trying to get anything back. It's just another shot. Like, if you miss a shot in a, you know, basketball game or whatever, and then you you have the ball in a future play, you're not like trying to recover that miss shot, right? You're just trying to make a new shot. Um, so anyway, um, that was it. And then on the 18th uh on the 18th initially I start up with cells um here. So, I sell start off with sells over here because the daily context is this, right? On the 18th, we're opening up here. And I, you know, I love these um opens that are right on the major daily levels, right? Because, you know, if you just pick a directional bias and then if you're wrong, you're wrong very quickly, right? So, what I was thinking here was potential pop and drop, right? Because there was a big wick of selling in the prior day from FOMC. So, I'm thinking, all right, well, if these sellers are going to press the issue here, and I'm, you know, I'm very net long in in the overall like the investment accounts or whatever. So, I'm looking for some potential hedging. If I'm going to look to hedge and be a seller in the futures, then, you know, I figure the RTY is more often than not going to be weaker. So, I was looking for a sell against this point of control to try to play down here. And so, I sold it um pretty soon after the open. sold it. So I just top fished it. That's not right. Should something like that. Top fish it against the uh um the value area high of yesterday too. So it was also the value area high. Right. So on I think I think my data is messed up. That's why that was my data is messed up right now. This is not This is not This is not accurate. Like these gaps or whatever, they were coming and going throughout the session. Like this is not I I promise you this is not what your chart looks like. Something's wrong with the continuous contract is probably still on the old contract. I think like it's been feeding it's been getting data from the U contract even though we're on the Z contract. And I think the most of the volume has moved to the Z. And I think that's that's I'm pretty sure that's the trading view issue right now. Let me try refreshing it and we'll see if it works out because the the the open is not anchored properly right now. There we go. That should be better. Um, all right. So, this was just a top fish against yesterday's value area high. I saw the move against the value area high. I sold it right away and then I looked to chop it up at 43.4. And that's just because 43.4 is this. Oops. Uh, 43.4 four is yeah is here right that's just the high of this consolidation of the morning move. So you'll notice that this guy was kind of the battleground. They try to hold over it here. They can't take it out over here and then it flips into resistance over here. Right? So the this little consolidation of this move was has been the battleground for this session. So I'm thinking if I'm selling against the value area high of the prior session and that big daily point of control, the first place where they should have problems is here. So that was my logic for the exit. So I do get that chop and I actually got it better because I just ended up marketing because I I I was it happened too quickly so I didn't have the limit order in. So I just ended up marketing and it was somewhere below there. So that was fine. Chopped it up, stopped out the rest. And then I did it again over here. I looked for the same exact chop. Talk about all of this. Um it's the high of the consolidation looking for 43.4 four, same level as the yesterday's value area high was the the point of control, the daily point of control, I mean, and then uh I stopped the rest. I'm still eyeing it. Uh I pansi it out on the stairst step and then I tried it again as a top fish against the high of the day. So that was over here. Chopped it up, stopped it out, and then that was it. I didn't do anything else for the rut. And then I switched over to the ENQ because the ENQ the daily context was that we had a gap up, right? So um let's see. So the ENQ gapped up and uh it was a pretty big gap. So typically what happens on very large gap dates is um um um is a gap and hold, right? The bigger the gap, more often it holds. So uh I was thinking, all right, I I talk, you know, I make a post. All right. So, the ENQ just got an incomplete fill. And so, if we get a new high of day that lacks follow through, that would increase the potential for balance. So, I'm thinking look for a devout play. If we get a new high of day that does get follow through, then I would look for a retracement deep play. Um, so a few minutes later, I say, listen, there's no new high of the day, but I tried a devout play anyway because it was cheap. Uh, it was cheap and I and I, you know, it's still reasonable. You're still looking for balance, right? Oops. And so that's just this, right? So there wasn't a new high of day, but I was looking for there to be further balance because you did at least get back over the open. You did get back over the development point of control. I did kind of think it was a little bit aggressive. And like I think that was just me kind of getting in my head again. Like technically it is a little bit aggressive, right? But you know, risk was cheap for 1.5R just to get back to the open. That would be under this structure here, which should be what they're trying to hold now, right? because this is supply breakdown, supply breakdown, and then this move takes out this supply. This should flip it into demand. These buyers should try to defend this if they're going to see follow through. And the development value area low was there. So, that worked out okay. Um, yeah. So, at 57, right, it's here. And, uh, I thought it might be too aggressive, but that was when the candle wasn't done printing. We were still grinding down here. It didn't look great. And then we did get that momentum. I chopped it out under the open. Oh, I I'm missing the last exit, but chopped it up under the open and then the uh the development value area high and then finally the overnight high for the last exit. Uh that was that was the last exit. I just didn't didn't uh didn't include that. Hang on a second here. Was that the 18th? Yeah. Okay, here out the rest ENQ um out the rest of the ENQ at the overnight high and then if followed through over the overnight high then I was interested in a deep play. I think there was a deep play but it wasn't that great. So no big and I missed it. I wasn't present for it. Um anyway, so that's it. Uh so if you got anything out of this video um would very much appreciate like and subscribe if you are interested in joining community get these uh alerts you know live trade updates thinking process all shared or whatever um and just like hanging out with a bunch of knuckleheads. Check out the chart guys links in description below. You can find me in the futures room Tuesdays through Friday most Mondays too but a little bit lighter. And uh if you are interested in getting trades zone sent to your email two novel ideas a week you get an update from me update from Dan. Again same deal I'll always post any kind of action that I take on those ideas. Um then check out the swing report links in description below as well. Otherwise I appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your session. Uh hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.