============================================================
Video: oE3drAuOCDs
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: FOMC Rug Pull?
Date: 2025-12-07
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9604
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:38.943226
============================================================

Buyers spent the week grinding higher, but breakouts lack follow-through headed into the Fed meeting. So, are there too many poor location longs and is that a problem for buyers bigger picture? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we'll go over all that and more. So, let's get into it. Oops. All right, so we'll start off with SPY here. And like I said, they just pretty much grinded higher the entirety of the week. But you'll notice each one of these highs just not that much follow through. The majority of the body of each candle is within the prior days range except for Friday. Friday actually was not a bad session. Like it it may look bad because you had this strong open opening drive and then the sellers, you know, kind of took it back to the uh prior day's high, but value was still a clean break higher. And if you look at the other sectors or at least the major sectors, XLV and XLF, they're actually looking pretty solid here. So for XLF, we're just kind of trading sideways, floating at the highs. Even if we were to retrace and test the lows of this range, all of this chop is really just holding over this demand zone over here. So this is really just consolidation um of this breakout here. So um and then for XLV, we're just looking for a higher low, right? And we're just back testing this breakout point. It's a local breakout point. Could we potentially be like doing more of this bigger picture job? Yeah, it could very much be the case. Um, but this is essentially where buyers failed last time, right? The this breakout or rather this consolidation of this breakout and then this is the last move that the buyers couldn't hold the back test of this prior area of demand. And so you see how it flips into resistance here flips into resistance here. And now we're we're way back over it and the sellers could not bring us back down to the value area high or the point of control. So, if they can just keep holding over this prior high, essentially that's them picking up where they failed over here. So, I'm thinking, you know, I'm thinking we're probably looking at poor location longs because that's just what happens, right? When you have a lot of people piling in uh in the latter part of a a move, then they're usually like short-term buyers like, you know, day traders. And what do day traders do when there's not momentum to back them up? They bail. The question then becomes, however, how much damage is that creating and how long is this sustainable before we need to like really liquidate a bunch of these poor location longs um to, you know, see some more um like meaningful buying. And I'm thinking the market's probably bracing for the FOMC meeting next week. It's like an 80% chance of a rate cut. I think the only way that um the market responds very like extremely bearishly is if they don't cut or you know if something in the meeting you know is discussed where like okay like the economy is in shambles or whatever otherwise um I think we probably see either a muted reaction right like a relatively muted reaction um and if we do see a bearish reaction you know is that really a problem I would say it's not really a problem until we're back under 67395 The selling from last week was just not very strong, right? This was all that they could get done on Monday and then again they just kind of slowly grinded higher. You can see if we zoom in like there's a been a really pitch battle for the point of control with the rejection here, rejection here, rejection here. They flip into support over here, battled it out throughout this entire session and then the sellers could really only get to the value area low and then subsequent back then so far have failed to get back to the point of control. But this lower high on Friday was at the value area high. I'm thinking this is still just the key structure that we need to um be mindful of. And as long as we're holding over 68336, then they affirm this structure as demand. That's that's a solid positioning for new highs. And if we see lower lows, not really meaningful damage unless we get back under 63795. So the buyers could like do something like this. Just chop around trading sideways here. And I think that would be fine for the market. Um, statistically speaking, you know, strong years when you're when you're strong into December, typically De December also closes strong. Um, but you know, we you know, we'll have to take it day by day. And how do we do that? It's just a matter of our references. All right. So, as long as we're holding over this guy, best case scenario for buyers. As long as we're holding over this guy, still good. Still solid defensive posture. Okay. I think we just got stopped out of the uh sell, right? Yes. So, that's a pop out. Can all be winners. And you know, we did discuss how selling is kind of aggressive, right? Because we're still pressing all-time highs. And so far, we've held this local area of daily demand, but if you're looking to hedge or whatever, that's kind of the spot where you want to be at. If you're still looking for that hedge, you know, you probably want to wait for there to be at least some movement under 68336 at bare minimum um before being interested in the uh sell. Moving on to the cues, and I think our buy zone that we set up is still fine. Uh, that's still fine. IMO. Um, all right. So, moving on to the Q's here. So, the Q's also just grinding higher. The high of the week was pretty much right at the value area low of the all-time high supply. And so, what should we care about? Like, what kind of retracement would be too much? It's the same idea. 61318, right? Like this breakout. This is the breakout the buyers couldn't hold, right? They came back down, tested this demand zone, bounced up, rejected from the supply, came back in, the sellers tried to take this guy out again and they failed. Get back over it, hold a super clean back test of this breakout point again and then bringing us to the all-time high supply. So, I'm thinking very similar. As long as we're over 61318, no problem. And what these buyers want to get done is to move back over 631.88 to have confidence in new highs, they basically be positioned well for new highs. if they can find acceptance service 63188 which you know I know is not much of a statement but it's important to when you're doing your analysis to just keep things you just call it exactly for what it is and then you don't you don't get like led astray right by hope essentially hope and desire because you know the like just look at what happened with social media or like any kind of revolutionary technology um people tend to think about what is possible rather than what is probable, right? And like the idea is you know people tend to be optimistic, right? Like social media for example was supposed to be like you know well great everybody gets a voice and you know um raise platforms or whatever platform whoever whomever the people think right but that ended up leading to like a lot of folks who probably shouldn't have platforms having platforms right um and now a lot of misinformation disinformation whatever it's just not the information utopia that at least you know I I was expecting or was told we should expect in the '9s, right? When the during the rise of the information age. So now it's probably what's going to happen with AI, right? Like people are so focused on what it could do um or not terribly focused on what, you know,  what what what what it might do to the uh uh downside, so to speak. Excuse me. Um so anyway, that's um that's pretty much it. the I don't think we got popped out of this guy yet. Oh, right. I'm sorry. So, the reason why I bring that up is because um you know what we want and what is happening right in front of us? There's you know there's very often is a disconnect between that, right? So, how do we prevent us being led astray by that disconnect, right? Because we're all feeling, right? We all feel things and we want things to be a certain way. Um you have to call things for what they are. It's like if you're like being too emotional, right? Uh you know, what do you do? Well, the best thing you can do is start like making observations, start, you know, laying out facts, right? Like you might think, oh, okay, my partner is, I don't know, lying to me, right? And this is a disaster. Or you might think my friends are not contacting me, right? And then this actually just happened to us recently. Um, we find out that they're dealing with some serious illness, right? You just never know. So, you know, just call things for what they are, right? We have a long history with these friends there. We didn't do anything to to hard relationship. there's no reason for them to be upset with us or whatever. Then you know you won't get too um worked up, right? So anyway, uh that's the way that you do in the market. You just look at these hard levels. What does the hard level represent? Like what kind of change does it represent? And then just go from there, you know? So if these sellers do press the issue next week, we don't but they can't break uh break this level, then they we just get back to affirming this breakout. You know what I'm you know what I'm saying? So that's pretty much it. Um, yeah. I don't I don't think it got popped out. Uh, this one's still going, but I wouldn't be surprised if they just grind higher and pop us out. But we will see. Like I said, they can't all be winners, you know. All right. Anyway, let's uh move on. So, for the rut, the rut, this is honestly looking quite good. the r the previous times when you were breaking these prior all-time highs. So, for example, this breakout here after a long period of consolidation, you roll over, it's bad times for many years, and then the last time that it occurred was over here. You roll over and it was bad times for uh like a year or so. This time, they did trade back out down under the prior all-time high structure, but they they're not finding acceptance, right? This is a lot more durability. These buyers are holding up much better than they did on this failure back under this guy and on this failure back under this guy. So honestly I think the small caps are looking pretty solid which you know I guess would suggest that at least as of right now folks are not too concerned about the economy and are more focused on rate cuts and you know cheap uh cheap cash essentially. So, um, what do we have a I think we had a um, what do we have a I think we had a um, what do we have a I think we had a retracement. I think that's still pretty reasonable. This setup was just based off of um looking for a back test of the prior all-time high structure again because it's happened so many times already. As of right now, the selling is very weak because this the sellers here, their first objective should have been to get back under this prior all-time high. This is the structure that we're trying to resolve right now. Either buyers will be strong and affirm this as demand and higher prices will be accepted or sellers will find acceptance back under this guy and then we'll be expecting more chop right like this and then if back below this guy then we'll expect chop like this. So buyers are good and lots of space for a higher low. Anything over 24512 will be good for one. Everybody's got space for higher lows really. And first case is just 24883. If these sellers can't even get back into 24883, then it's very weak. But what we care primarily about to the downside is going to be 2488. If they can just keep affirming this guy as demand, then we'll see expect this kind of chop holding over this point of control, which I mean you can see how contentious it was in the past right over here, right? It's just a very clear battle for it. So, if we can hold over 2488 from here, then this consolidation will be very healthy. And again, I still think this this is a pretty reasonable place to be looking for trade for a buy. Um, all right, moving on to the Dow. So, the Dow got to our target. I probably should have made a post about that, but got to the target that we were looking out for. Um, and this is a new daily, no change level here. All of this consolidation again is very healthy, right? Because this is a breakout. This is consolidation of that breakout. Here's another breakout. It fails. We hold this fella which continues to affirm this breakout. And now there's a ton of space over 46283 to keep affirming this guy as demand, which is obviously what the buyers did over here. So, um I'm thinking again this is a zone you can honestly recycle, right? Like we can do what works until it doesn't, right? Because again, we're just making our decisions based off of change relative like what what kind of change is occurring. As of right now, the market's told us that it's affirming this guy's demand. As long as it affirms this sky is demand, we should expect price action like this at worst, right? Or it could be potentially be higher. It's all about this structure here. So, I think this is still a pretty reasonable place to be looking for trade. Lots of space for a daily higher low. Anything over 47295 will be good for one. And uh that's pretty much that's pretty much it. I'm just uh I forgot to put something on my power button. I'm just worried Mr. Parker is going to turn the computer off. I think he's looking at a bird outside. Um okay, let's see here. In hindsight, it was probably not a good idea to put the computer right next to the window sill like that. but he seems to like the heat and the vibration from the fans. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it. Moving on to the dollar here. So, the dollar is not really doing much of anything. Still just balancing, right? And again, whenever price is balancing, if this is your first time here, if not, you've heard me say it many times, but if it's your first time, then you know, if price is balancing, then all you want to do is just find out, okay, well, what are the two key structures that's containing all of that balance? And then that's where the best value trades will be looking to play from one side of balance to the other. And so for the dollar, it's really these two guys. This fellow over here supported all these lows throughout this large range as and is not being problematic for these buyers um with multiple rejections. One, two, three, four rejections right now. Whether or not these sellers can get back to the lows of the range, you know, that's that's the big question now, right? So this trade zone for a sell side has is working right now. It's already worked a couple times, but it's working right now. I still think it's very reasonable to be playing to the other side of the range. And I still think this is also quite reasonable to be um playing to the other side of the range as well. So we can just keep recycling these two zones. Again, this is honestly probably one of the most straightforward ways to um take trade. Uh just looking for balance from one side to the other. And what's nice about that too is like if the larger trend is very clear, then you just pick one side, right? Kind of like um I think we're going to cover gold next. We'll cover it in gold. So um here. So, let's just move on to gold here. Um, it's kind of like this, right? So, when you're trading sideways like this or like this, okay, well, if you're going to play balance from one side to the next, that's great. Which side would you bias towards? You're probably going to bias towards the buyers, right? Because the history of this chart has so far been sideways to higher for a long time. So, if you're trading in a range like this and you're looking for balance plays. So, for example, like back here, you see all this balance is being established where like on this little 3-day range here, for example, right? Or just like that. And you see, okay, all these lows as of right now, at least after this initial low. So, you see this initial low is made off of this fella. You're thinking, okay, going forward, if we keep balancing, then I'll just keep looking for plays against this guy because the market already told us it's important here and here. And then it gives you a play, gives you a play over here, and then if you chop it up at the other side, take some profits and then just see if they the buyers can just keep ripping from there. Great. You know, you're just probably maybe still in a runner from there. Um, so that's how I think, you know, is one of the easier ways to trade. And it can it's a responsive trade, so you're trading balance initially, but it's also trend based as well, right? It has the potential to open up and become a trend as well if you're cognizant of the bigger picture context and you're being picky with which side you're playing with, right? just, you know, the trend is your friend, right? So, if you play the balance trades with the larger trend, then the odds favor that you'll see follow-through on any position that you can hold if there's a breakout, you know. So, I very much recommend it for um you know, beginner traders or whatever. I think it's a pretty straightforward, easy way to set up trade. Um all right, so for gold here then, very similar, right? We've got the situation now where price has told us, hey, listen, we care about this guy. So, if we come back down into this area, this is a very reasonable spot to be looking for buys, looking for further balance. Um, I rather like the developing value area tool. It's not perfect by any means. No tool is perfect, but I like it because it tells you exactly where the developing value area, low, high, and point of control are. And so, if there's going to be meaningful change relative to this balance, we should start finding acceptance outside of the D.VA or the DVA. As of right now, the buyers are finding acceptance outside of the D.VA. But that can change. If we roll back down under the diva, the next objective should be the development point of control. Just like over here, you hold over it, roll back down under it. Where do these buyers find support the deep um and then you know uh get back to trying to advance by holding over the diva. But if they can't, then eyes on here, eyes on here. So this I'm thinking this is just probably big old EQ, bigger picture balance. Still very reasonable to be looking for trade uh on lack of acceptance under 3897.13 and then just targeting the developing point of control um on that. So you can set this up even beforehand, right? Like if if you're thinking, all right, we'll look for failure over here, we'll target the point of control. If we want to give a wiggle room for like 2 R, then we know, okay, if price does this, doesn't take this guy out, passes back over this guy, we can buy this, put our stop here, and target this guy, and we'll be looking at a two-r. If price does this and goes too deep, okay, then we just don't do that trade, right? But if or andor if price does something like this, okay, it goes too deep, we don't love that, but then it does something like that, okay, great. We can run this trade again, right? Because on this retracement down, it's not taken out this low. We can run our stop here, have this and have it be logical, right? Thinking, okay, well, that's the low where I'm wrong. And we're still targeting the same place. Okay. Um, NVDA, so bigger picture. Um, they're just chopping around in this big old area of demand over here. Not really much has changed. this uh pop and drop is obviously not ideal, but it's really not problematic at all either because the bigger picture uh range that we just left was over here. So, the goal for these sellers after this breakout was to is currently to get back under here uh 15313. They hold this breakout, hold a clean back test, and then you know, they've uh rallied from there. So, I still stand by these trade zones. It still makes a lot of sense in my opinion. Just again, you're just bottom fishing the range. This is the prior range here. So, you're bottom fishing this range trying to get to the other side and then, you know, looking to see, okay, can I hold this for a potential breakout? I think as the year comes to a close, you want to be a little bit more weary of some selling coming in. Like, very often there's going to if there's going to be a tone shift and uh it's been kind of one way for the entire year. Uh very often it's it's at the shift, right? Because you know, you have like certain things that occur like for example like people are done with tax loss harvesting, right? And you'll have like window dressing where like uh uh fund managers or money managers or whatever, they'll like dump poor performing stocks and buy um better performing stocks to just make their portfolios look better or by the year's close. So you'll have this kind of um year-end momentum and then because their their books are, you know, essentially closed for that quarter or whatever, then you could potentially see a shift in tone if there's going to be a shift in tone. You can kind of see this in the S&amp;P um here. Hang on. Oops. All right. Like for example, this year where you had strong three years and then pretty much as soon as January came around, it kind of turned around here. Um, same deal over here. Same deal over here. Like you just very often you'll see um it if it's going to occur at all very often it happens soon after the the new year. So we'll see. I mean you know again we don't we'll we'll get to that when we get there. um how to assess okay like if there is any retracement you know how meaningful is it? I can tell you right now, you know, even if we were to retrace um big time down to here, I would be a buyer here at 6130, just like I was a willing to be a buyer here, right? Like we talked about this in our community a lot. We were willing to be buyers here. We wanted to be buyers there because that's just a back test of this breakout point, right? So this was a whole bunch of demand, right? And this is just a back test of that. Just like over here, right? This low pretty much just the back test of this guy or this guy. However you want to look at it, it's fine. Um so that's probably going to happen, right? just like this low was a back test of this breakout from here. It's it's probably going to happen. This guy over here for example, right? This was this was um COVID, you know. So, if we get a big old move back down to this breakout point, I'll be buy there. So, we shall see. Um that's pretty much it for MBDA really. I would still think I still think this is a pretty reasonable spot to be looking for trade. Um and I would be much more interested looking for trade over here. All right. And then for Bitcoin, so Bitcoin, this is notable. I think it's going to be messy for Bitcoin for a while, right? Because now you're back in this big chop over here. The potential head and shoulders is still very much in play. And so far, this is a notable failure, right? This the goal for the sellers right now of trading through this structure is to negate this breakout, right? This breakout over this high should be their goal. And they didn't do that here, right? We had this trade zone set up from way back when um because of the same concept, right? This this that should be their goal. And if they can't do that, then they should try to get back to here. So if not here, then back to here. And so they did not get back down to here um to here, I should say. They didn't even get close. And that's honestly notable, right? Because there's not a lot of volume traded here. So the market doesn't really think this is a fair price to do business. So if it doesn't think it's a fair price to do business, then it tends to move to where prior areas where it did think it was fair price. So it should be here or here, right? And so to not come into this low volume area is a pretty good look for these buyers defensively. And so what do we want to see now? We just want to see continued defense of 89541.25. That's just this reference over here, the gateway into all of this because if we're not going to come back down into here, then the they should try to get back into here. But if they can't get back into here, then it's right back to looking. Okay. They should be trying to get back down to here. Okay. So, um that's pretty much it. There's probably going to be some messiness here. That's that's what I imagine. I I'm I'm fairly confident we'll have some chop. I mean, Bitcoin has been rather choppy in general. Like, we haven't really seen super clean breakouts of old, right? Uh for a long time now, ever since really, I think 2018, really, like even this breakout was massive breakout, but you know, we very quickly got into a chop. So, you know, just be mindful of that. Uh Bitcoin traders, I think probably easier to trade like the higher time frames like position traded even. Um I think that would be more reasonable. We still have to be mindful of that head and shoulders, right? As long as this guy is acting as a head. And that's pretty much it. Still lots of space for a weekly lower high. We're not really confident that this is set here because it's both the high and the low. That was a close one. I think this was right there. Um, all right. Moving on to Ethereum here. So for Ethereum, he's still hanging out there. So for Ethereum, um it's very similar, right? It's probably going to be even choppier, right? If you look to the left, Ethereum never left this big range. So it's pro we're probably looking at just further chop to be completely honest with you. But how, you know, when is it going to be problematic? I think honestly, even if you take this out, doesn't really matter. Like relative to all of this, we're still just doing this. This failure to see a new high increases the potential that we revisit the lows. You know, we were talking about this way back when, right? We're talking about this back in here that this pop and drop increases the potential that we see just more bigger picture balance, right? And what we're going to use as a reference for that is this guy. If we got back under here, well, what happened last time we fell under here, we went here, right? Reject from here, get here. Reject from here, get here. Rejected from here right now. So, I'm thinking these sellers probably trying to get here. Um, that's that's that's what I think at least. And then if you take this guy out, then we're probably coming to these high volume areas and these high volume areas. So, um, I think buckle up honestly for Ethereum. And the only thing that will make me change my tune on that is if we can find acceptance back over this guy again. Getting back over here was, you know, have these buyers position well for new highs. um that's that's pretty much it. All right. So moving on to CCJ. So for CCJ here, no change really, right? So So these guys held this demand zone pretty well. Market already told us it was important over here and over here and over here. And as of right now, they're still just holding on to it. I still think these two are pretty reasonable places to be looking for trade. I guess not this guy so much anymore, but I I still primarily want it to be here. Now, this is more of a much bigger picture setup, right? I'm looking for like, you know, some like meaningful monthly retracement here to come back and back test this guy just like this low was back testing this guy. All right. I ruined it. Um, okay. So, we're talking about now. Uh, okay. Trade review. Moving on to trade reviews. So, first got first thing I got here is actually not my trade. It's um one of our members, Yaser, who just got funded. So, congratulations to him. Big shout out to him. And he actually traded this session way better than I did. So, I love to see that. You know, that's always awesome, especially because I pansied out of I said straight up, uh, this is like not good enough R for me to get to the overnight high. And then he was like, man, Lamont, you are you you are a pancy, you know, I'm gonna do this because I'm a real man. You know, I'm from Toronto where, you know, it's pretty much just like New York, but colder, so I'm a more strong person than you. That's exactly what he said to me privately. He's very rude. Um, anyway, so let's walk through that. Oh, I didn't I don't have it set up though, but I can walk you through it. It's no problem. So for ENQ it was on this day. The daily context was this um daily context was here on the second. So it was like a slight gap up open I think. Let's see the open was 61 1946. Uh yeah. So it was like a baby gap. And so whenever there's a gap up and it's not too big the play is to look for a lack of acceptance under the open and then play to the overnight high. That's that's my preferred play. Um because the goal is to for the sellers is to get price back below yesterday's range. And if they can't do that and we move back over the open, that means cash market buyers are in control. And the first objective for the cash market buyers then is to try to get to the overnight high. So, I passed on this because um the overnight high was Overnight high was here. If I cut that. Yeah, was over there. And so, I passed on this because Did I just mess up? I think I just messed up. I think I maybe didn't move my overnight high because I did the pre-market prep a little bit earlier. I think I just messed this up. Um, nobody told me. Hang on a second here. Let me get rid of this guy. Oh, no. No, that Yeah, I wasn't. I didn't think that was good enough R. So, the setup was this. You buy the pass back over the open if you don't see acceptance under it and then you try to get to the overnight high first. So, for me, I didn't like that. It was just not good enough R. or I had it measured out like this, something along these lines. And if it took out that low, usually I look for a little exit under it. So, if it takes out that low, then I don't get this 1.5R just like we were talking about before regarding like measuring that trade out beforehand on gold. Um, so I passed on this, but Yaser being the real man that he is, uh, he did buy that. He said, I included here. So, it's too deep. Eying it if not too deep. It's too deep if targeting the overnight high. And then Yaser's like, you know, yolo, man. and he buys the pass back over the open, stops under the low, chops it up at the overnight high. Solid play. And then uh from there he starts using targeting based off of the pivot point methodology. So the next one was 25560, which is already a pretty monster move. 25. I mean, not it's a huge move. It's a pretty good move. Um I don't want to exaggerate things, but it's a pretty solid move, right? 1,200 bucks per ENQ contract, but he was doing this to get funded, so I don't really know how any of that works to be honest with you. But, um, kudos to all the fellas who are I didn't know about these things before. I just I just traded my own capital right from the get- go. Um, I didn't know that you could, uh, do this prop stuff and I just don't want to learn now. It sounds like it's kind of hard honestly because they put like those restrictions on you or whatever. So, kudos to you guys who overcome them. It's pretty impressive honestly. So he says that he missed his target um for funding here by a tick at 947 and that's this. So he sits through all this consolidation and uh he he starts to not believe and I remind him that you got to believe consolidation still healthy and then he gets it and um congrats to him. So that's awesome. And then I'll show you what I did which is was not as good and a lot more work for less  on um the ES here. Um so for ES ES I did mess up the uh uh Um so for ES ES I did mess up the uh uh whatcham call it the overnight high on this day. So on the second here I bought this break as a lagger. I bought this breakout back over the um uh the uh opening range thinking, okay, it's probably a lagger to ENQ. Um that's over here. And I was looking for the overnight high chop. And it turns out that's not the overnight high because this this was where the overnight session was uh when I was doing my pre-market prep and then I just forgot to move it when we got closer to the open. That's just my bad an error here. But just little scalp and I figured it's really cheap to do it like and I just set it up as limit a stop limit and then a a stop buy and then a limit to exit and then stopped me out over here after giving me the chop which was nice because it was to the tick so very easily could have not given me that pretty much nothing to trade. Um and then I tried it again over here. Stopped out one more time. Uh again because the range is so low, I was just using stops uh stop buys or what I used limits actually for this one and it was fine. But you know again keep it cheap. And then this one I did it one more try and that's you know I got all these posts here. Whatever. Uno looking for the overnight high got ticked out. Um and then do mas and this was against a value area high as well. So I thought this was pretty reasonable because the prior days value area high was right here. So what's happening here is that the opening range defended yesterday's value area high. I'll show you on this chart. It's easier to see um on the second here. So you know this is the that little opening range here and the defense that the buyers made was right at the value area high. So I'm thinking all right Q's are strong. ES is probably going to try to follow as long as XLV and XLF can hold up. Then all right we we can play off the develop off of yesterday's value area high because value is still moving higher session to session as long as they can hold over the value area high. Um, so that was it. That was the logic for that at least. And get this one. Chop chop. Uh, chop three chops because at this point, uh, I forget the exact context, but I was weary of seeing fall through it potentially. Also because additionally, I mean, because, um, I made an error. Like when I whenever I make an error, I just, you know, I prefer to just, uh, just just book a win and then walk away. Um, so I just booked it and then that ended up being a good decision because we did end up just chopping around and you can see this is exactly where they failed at the regular trading RSI, right? Like if these buyers were going to fail, it was going to be at the regular trading hours high and I think at the ENQ ENQ on that day I think as well was pretty choppy. Um, yeah, it was pretty choppy. So, you know, u, and that was just also part of that was like the context leading into it, right? Like these sessions leading into it was all balance as well. So, if we're not going to hold over the value area high, then we're probably just going to do more balance, which is exactly what happened for, you know, another session and a half. So, that's pretty much it. Um, and like when the market is like that, when you're seeing higher highs, not like not getting followrough in general, you're not seeing very impulsive moves, it's [snorts] always better to just play with like these targets. I mean, like we talked about this last time in last week's video, like playing with targets, I think, is um like you you'll sacrifice for sure some some potential gains, right? But, you know, that's trading, right? Like, you're not trying to get everything. It's like it like think about your most beautiful relationship with, you know, your friend, a dog, a uh your partner, whatever, right? There were still bad times. You know, the dog ate your shoes or in your shoes or your partner ate your shoes or in your shoes, right? Or your friend in your shoes and then ate them. You know, you you you hang out with weird people and and dogs, but those relationships were still good. So, you know, that's kind of how it is with trading, right? Like don't try to maximize everything. It's when you that's essentially too much greed, right? Like when you whenever you have too much fear or too much greed, you're not really thinking clear that you're not going to do things well. So, I think very valuable to have targets. And don't get me wrong, like holding on to a runner, totally reasonable, particularly if the context calls for it. But, you know, I think at least get some chops, take some risk out of the equation, maybe pay yourself for the attempt, and um assuming you follow your risk, of course, and then, you know, go from there. That's my suggestion at least. So, I think it's much easier psychologically as well. But anyway, especially if you can be okay with again like not not um like seeing a trade go further than than you intended it to. That's fine. That's going to happen, right? Right. You know, again, like things are never going to be perfect. You know, it's kind of like um people go to the track, right? Like, you know, you're you're never going to perfect that bike, right? Even if it's like a baby bike like a like a 300 or something, you know, like you, you know, even even even Moto GP riders crash, right? Like there, you know, like you you could you could win the cup, but you you probably had some troubles along  the way. So anyway, um all right, what's next here? 123. All right. So for 123, uh 123 was the day where there was that fake news in pre-market. We we got fake news about Microsoft blowing their AI expect like guidance or whatever. Um and so that's the only reason why I was interested in trying to join the momentum of this the people who were should have been finding out this news um who you know they probably didn't because it ended up being fake news. So that's my bad. I probably should have checked. It was posted to the um our chat room. So, I just assumed it was true. That's my bad. I should have checked it out. But [clears throat] that's what I was looking for. I said, I imagine likely some momentum play folk from folks looking to reposition on news. But I think that's a good lesson because like um even like you should know what you're expecting. So, this is what I was expecting, right? And if that's going to be the case and we are going to see some strong momentum, the first place that we should try to get back to is um the first place of major change location. It should be here, right? Because here it should be this guy. Why this guy? Why this guy? Because that's this right? That's just the low of this structure over here, right? And so this guy over here is where these buyers defended here and defended here. So if they want to get back into here and negate the change of this breakout, they have to find acceptance under this guy. And because we're opening pretty much in that guy, the next place they should try to get to is the low of that range, you know. So, the fact that we weren't doing that very well, I was getting pretty sussed out about it. So, I tried to sell I tried it right off the jump here and I I was thinking they would just get right down there. So, I was actually okay with a pretty late location. I was like chatting right before the open. That's my bad. You [snorts] um and then yeah, so I I stop out that. That's a full stop. Very costly stop. Um and then I did it again here. This was just a stairst step break. Um let's see. you know, stairst step break against yesterday's value area low. So, here's yesterday's value area low. The idea being, okay, well, if these sellers are going to build on that momentum and they want to move value lower from one session to the next, they should defend here and they they do defend here and here, but they just don't do a good job and it flips into support over here. Um, because again, that was very much dependent on a news trade. And you should be willing to abandon these trades that you do based on news because when you're responding to news trades, it's like a, you know, really f fast reactive kind of a thing. So, um, very often you'll put the trade on first because you you're you know, you heard the the news, you understand what the implications are. But if you think about it a little bit more or if the market's not doing what you think it uh should do relative to that news, that's that's not right. Something is wrong, right? Like that's that's, you know, the idea is like when was something that should happen doesn't, right? Something is wrong, right? That's like how detectives work, you know? Um, so anyway, um, so I try unamas new low should be smash and it wasn't a smash and so that was the red flag. So that's over here. This new low here was not a smash, right? I'm I'm in from here. I see this consolidation. This new low of day should have been smashing there. And all of this was already like a huge red flag to not be able to get back just to that first location of change rather the next location of change because we're already under the first one. We're already under um the high of this structure here. All right. So, they should be trying to get there as long as you open right there. That's so obviously the next place they should try to get to. Um but they just didn't do a good job. So, that was a red flag. And I ended up bailing on this early, bailed on the rest early uh over here on this new high because I was thinking, all right, like at this point now, they're holding the development point of control. They they did get to my first target. So, I did get a chop on that second attempt, but this ended up still being a red uh situation here. Well, slightly red, not a big deal, but red because um I didn't get a second chop and this was like a full stop here. And that's it for the session. I think I didn't do anything else that session. And then for the 124 session, um let's see. 124 for the Whoops. For the rut, is that yesterday? No. RTY over the key level change discussing the PM breakdown. Okay, so yeah, I missed it initially off of 09.6 and 09.6 is just something I discussed in our pre-market breakdown for the futures room. Again, if you are want to trade with a bunch of fellas, get funded like Yaser. Um check out our community links in the description below. I'm in there pretty much every day. Not Mondays, sometimes Mondays, but usually not Mondays. um just grinding out with these fellas, you know, trading live. So, posting all our stuff sometimes just talk about pizza and pugs, but um you know, we get a lot done. So, for the fourth, we were here uh and I wasn't prepared for it. So, 09.6 is that level of change on this day. So, I'll just show you why. 09.6 is here, right? It's a very similar concept to what we're talking about with NQ just now. Here is wait 0 09.6. Oh, should be here, I guess. Yeah. Uh, yeah. 09.6. So, that's just the high of this guy over here, right? So, I'm thinking, all right. Well, this breakout is being this breakout at the end of the prior day is being affirmed as long as we're holding over 259.6. And we have relative strength in the Q in the rut that day. So, here's the fourth or here's the third the prior day. And this is what the rut looked like, right? The rut looked like this on the third. So, I was looking for a follow-up trade over here. In retrospect, I probably should have just been playing off of this daily no change level, but just um you know, wasn't sharp. I think I did point that out actually that the overnight low, but then I just went to go do something else, I think. Um yeah. So, let's see. 09.6. Let me sync this guy again. That's over here. So, I was thinking, all right, I did not do this play. I thought this was a reasonable one, but I just hesitated. Um, I thought it would be reasonable to buy this move back over it. Stop is under here and then look to chop it up no later than the diva. So, whatever. I missed it. And then I did it. I saw it sets up. Oh, no. I'm sorry. Yeah, it sets up here. So, I buy this one at 9:35. Uh, and I was just I was sluggish with the exit. So, I didn't get the initial move higher, but then there was another slightly smaller push up. So, I did get that chop. And then I got another exit where the DVO was, and I just stop out the rest. That's fine. book a little win. Um, this would have been a much better win, but that's fine. And then later in the session, I also missed this Deepo setup. I just wasn't paying attention. I was actually typing in the chat room. I was present, but I just wasn't paying attention. I I had alerts moving up and then I just forgot to move it up to the next 15-minute low. But the setup is that once you get the 15-minute retracement, you look for that lack of acceptance under the development point of control. Buy that move back over a stop was under low, try to get to the development value area high. And that would have been, you know, a pretty sick R trade. Something like this. um for that potential 15-minute higher low. And even if we were doing 2.2 R, like that would have been great. So, I missed that. That was a bummer. So, but I do it sets up again over here. And I didn't like the context as much because it's like later in the session, you already had a bunch of, you know, movement already. And at that point, XLV and XLF were softening. But either way, I did it again. Um and I talked about wanting that 15-minute higher low, but I just again I just, you know, I just blanked on it. Um, so I did over here not at 226, bought the pass back over the DpOT. That's this guy over here, 226 candle and uh chopped 534.8. That's just because this is where the last breakdown was, right? So if we're going to hold the deep here, if there's going to be problems for these buyers, probably over here. And then the next spot that I chopped it up was uh I'm looking looking for more under 538.2. two. Why why 53 and point.2? Oh, I remember at five at this point in time for 538.2, I think that's where the volume picked up again. Yes. So, you see where there's like this kind of volume um void. There's not a lot of volume here. So, I was thinking, all right, if they're going to keep advancing, they probably try to get to this next high volume area. So, I chopped it up there. That's exactly where they have problems. They roll over, trade sideways, stops me out at the next day, and then that was it um for that play at least. And then for the next day, uh, I did a midday play for the ES as well. It was like closer to the end of the day. And that was on the 5th. On the 5th, we're over here. Um, so this play was just again a deep play. At this point, I'm thinking, all right, well, the buyers started off strong and then sellers really punched it. But again, if you look at it from a session to session perspective, it was still a clean break of value higher. And what had happened right before I made the play over here is that we held the value area high. So, you know, this, you know, again, this is not your first time here. You know, this is exactly the kind of stuff I look out for. What kind of change was affirmed? This moving value higher from session to session was affirmed by holding this value area high over here. It also held the prior day's close, right? And the prior day's close is important for day plus sellers because the little number of change is based off of close to close. So that was notable to me, right? The sellers were just weren't very strong in this moment. And so I thought, okay, well then we're probably looking for more balance. Just like this was a balance day. This was a balance day. This was a balance day. This was a balance day. We're dealing with poor location longs. So when that occurs, you typically have balance and grind higher. So I'm thinking, all right, I'm still going to bias to the buy side because value is moving higher, the daily chart is bullish, blah blah blah. [snorts] And so I was just pretty much looking for a balance play here and for a potential um higher low to be set off of like a fivem minute time frame essentially. So, uh, really I guess I was just looking for momentum because technically that's not even a five minute higher level play. I guess technically it would be for a two. Uh, yeah, just a little dinky too technically. But either way, so I see this little consolidation here and I know it's relatively cheap to play to get back to the where the Deepo was. So I just buy that. Bought EPO ES pass back over the Deepo after the YA hold. Looking for a test of where the DEPo was. So that's where over here and then again I'm looking for the next exit at the uh looking for more out of the div.a And that's here the development value area high. That's exactly where the high of the day is set because if these buyers are going to have problems anywhere, it should be at the diva, right? The sellers, they played solid defense here today. So if they're going to keep playing defense into the end of the session should be here. They because if you find acceptance over the div.va, then the buyers are being constructive right now, you know? So I was expecting balance day after something like this and that was it. It stopped out the rest of the end of the day and um that's all. So [snorts] uh yeah, that's pretty much it. So again, if you want to trade alongside a group of regulars, we're there every single day. It's pretty, you know, pretty small group really like a dozen people, bunch of lurkers for sure. Um, check us out. Links in the description below if you are interested in getting trade zones sent to your inbox every week. Two trades, update from me, update from Dan. Um, live updates for any trades that I take. Uh, check out the swing report, links in description below. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to catch you all next time. Very well.