============================================================
Video: vdBAD8X-OOY
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trading Euphoric Markets
Date: 2025-07-04
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9051
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:25.069267
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Thanks for hitting like and subscribe. It's July 4th. Happy holidays. We're going to check in on the market in the shortened week with the bulls having been in absolute full control over the last couple of weeks. Where do we stand now? Is it time to get cautious going to talk in depth with a trade review about BMNR? How I go aggressive in an ultra bullish environment and how it has led to leveling up in my trading career. We're going to start with the broader market and we'll end on that. All right. All right, so the S&amp;P 500 pretty much two weeks in a row of straight up. The red we're seeing right now is again on our holiday here Friday and potentially a little bit of a sell the news reaction to Trump's big beautiful bill passing the house. And so we're looking at the possibility obviously things are going to change by the time we head into Monday's open, but I'll be watching. Can bears confirm a 4hour downtrend into daily consolidation. We know daily consolidation is inevitable again straight up. So S&amp;P 500 had great rotation. We're going to talk about in just a moment, but we just went straight up 6%. And daily consolidation is inevitable. So what we're looking for is what is the response to first hourly oversold conditions when we see it and we're starting to approach it. We can see it hasn't happened since our last low down there when we were still dealing with the Iran headlines, Iran headlines. And so we'll see the reaction now because earlier this week we saw the NASDAQ and semiconductors sell off more significantly and they hit hourly oversold and set daily higher lows which is exactly what bulls want to see. What the bulls also wanted to see, probably talked about it in last week's video, is what happens when semiconductors see the inevitable daily consolidation. And the answer was we saw significant rotation the first day of the quarter with XLV and XLP, Staples and Healthcare. And that's why SPY, the S&amp;P 500, was able to not consolidate while semiconductors consolidated fairly fast and hard. And again, just a visual of that. Semiconductors had four gap ups in a row. We know consolidation's coming. We dipped down hard. We hit hourly oversold and that led to back burner. It dipped a bit deeper into hourly oversold. But again, daily higher low, bull flag confirmed, new all-time highs and the daily uptrend remains our guide. And that's the way that I've stayed bullish the last two plus months because again, just keeping it as simple as possible. I could be looking for reasons to be bearish. I could be looking at fundamentals. I could be looking at, you know, maybe there's RSI divergence somewhere. But if you boil it down to the most basic aspect of markets and the most important, it's price level trends. And when I look at this daily chart for the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ, when did things turn bullish? When we broke the bounce high and kept back tested, held the previous resistance as support and kept going. And so at this point in time, that is now two months and one week of price action where there literally hasn't been anything even close to bears taking over. Okay, big pullback confirm the daily downtrend and we know things will have shifted. Couldn't do it. We go higher. All the bare headlines with all the war stuff, we can't go down at all. We're going higher. So again, that's been my mindset. And the key to it is not fearing the draw down. I'm going to stay bullish until I'm told otherwise. I won't be told at the top, you know, it's not going to be a top tick. I'm gonna know the shift is taking place after we've already pulled back a few percent from the high. But by not constantly looking for the top, I'm allowed to enjoy the benefits of bullish continuation. So, you know, I'm watching this this seasonality period, the last three trading days of June into the first, I think it's nine trading days of July. The NASDAQ is green 31 of the last 40 years for an average of 2.5%. I don't know why that's burned into my head now, but it is. And at this point in time, the NASDAQ has gone up 2.755% uh in that window. And we have a little bit further in that window to go. But we're going to look for an S&amp;P 500 daily higher low. And again, because we're so strong on so many time frames, when we lose the daily uptrend, guess what? We're going to scout a weekly higher low. And then guess what? We're going to scout a monthly higher low. There's an immense amount of space for a monthly higher low to be the result of next consolidation. So, as I talk about my conveyor belt of trades, I've got trades where I'm looking for hourly higher lows. Maybe not in this moment anymore, but I've got names I'm looking for daily higher lows on. The S&amp;P 500 being one of them. Then I've got names I'm looking for weekly higher lows on. I've got some uranium names that fit that criteria. We've got quantum names. So, it's just one time frame at a time until we see a significant shift. And the first shift that's going to get my attention will be confirming a daily downtrend. So what would the S&amp;P 500 have to do? We would have to pull back for days or a significant amount very quickly. We would have to fail the high and then confirm that daily downtrend. And again, we haven't really seen a clear example of that in over two months. So I see people trying to pick tops on social media and it's just not the way to make money in markets. NASDAQ again. So 4 hour trying to hold EMA 12. Same everything I said. The only difference is we at least have a short-term support level nearby. So losing that could be an initial. Okay, things are shifting. But again, I need the confirmed downtrend because, you know, just like back here. All right, we set a little daily support level. We're trying for continuation. We lose it, but never confirmed a downtrend in any meaningful way. So NASDAQ still strong again. Weekly uptrends. our guy daily uptrends then weekly uptrends then monthly uptrends and we'll keep an eye on that daily higher low level. It was the semiconductors that dragged it down again just overextended can't go straight up forever. So we pull back hourly oversold into continuation. So we have a new support level. Keep it simple. If 27216 is support the bulls have absolute complete control. We've been closing at or above the daily EMA 12. you know, we close right there on it there and there, but pretty much riding daily EMA 12 for almost two and a half months at this point. And that is our guide again. So, so here was the pullback at one point in time. What day was it on Tuesday? Yeah. So, one point in time on Tuesday, semiconductors were down 2.4% that day. That's something. And the NASDAQ was down 1.27%. But at that same time, healthc care was on absolute fire, up 2% plus on the day at one point. And XLP, consumer staples, was on absolute fire, up 1.86% at one point on the day. So again, that's the rotation that the bulls want to see. And the next major question that I have this coming week, XLF straight up daily stairstep 6% with a higher low every single day for the last eight days in a row. We know daily consolidation is inevitable here. It's a part of a strong healthy uptrend. What do the other major sectors do when XLF sees daily consolidation? Best case for broader market bulls is semiconductors and big tech are strong when that is happening. But we'll see how it plays out. XLF ended up being a cup and handle. We've been talking about this for weeks. Again, the psychology of a significant pullback, you fail resistance, and then you bull flag. And early on we were able to make the statement as long as 4940 holds or let's adjust for the dividend 4957 as long as that holds it's a bull flag. And so now we are confirming this cup and handle type of pattern on Twitter. I made a post on Thursday about how this is the the most cup and handles I've seen on daily and weekly time frames confirm in as long as I can remember. And I gave a bunch of other examples there. And we got another one to be watching in XLU utilities here. Again, it's not a picture. It's the difference between, you know, there'd be some technical analysts who would argue with me that's not a cup and handle. It's not a rounded enough bottom. For me, that's a difference of books smart and street smart. The most important aspects of the pattern are you you have broken out, you form a top, you see a significant period of consolidation, you fail the top with a lower high, and then you bull flag because the most important aspect of the pattern is you're building up some shorts. And you have people that are going to stop by the resistance break and bears that are going to stop by to cover their shorts on a resistance break. And so you're just building up pressure. And then of course the most important aspect aside from that is you don't have any previous price resistance nearby. So it's easy for the bulls to follow through. And uh that's what we have on a bunch of these patterns. So again, you know, I'm not going to nitpick. Well, the rounded bottom's not rounded enough. Okay, that's a personal opinion. And it's it's exactly the three criteria that I just laid out. And so the simple statement on XLU is if 7978 holds, it's a bull flag that will see new all-time highs. It's just a matter of time. I'll talk a bit more about stop buying that kind of resistance and a blue sky breakout in the day trading example at the end of this video. And again, XLP also churning under a very key resistance zone. So, can XLP head to an all-time high or are we going to fail this resistance and stay sideways? That's something we're watching as well. Tesla's had a lot of action. Again, it's just, you know, the price action has relative weakness if if Musk is tweeting involving Trump and relative strength if he's not. But in the end, we're getting the most common scenario or the most likely scenario, I should say, which is the two-day equilibrium, which is what we were watching for. I longed Tesla fairly aggressively on Monday. Beautiful day. tight built pressure built up. Release that pressure straight up and then I stopped out of my runner position on Wednesday recognizing, okay, this just may be the lower high in an equilibrium because we failed the other resistance level. And so the lower high was set and now we have a higher low. And so the higher low is down at 29321. There was a great gap down bounce play there. I was playing that a bit on that day, whatever one it was, Wednesday, maybe Tuesday. uh didn't hold the position into the delivery numbers because I don't feel like that coin flip gamble where my stops aren't going to be working in extended hours. But uh again, now we're looking for a two-day lower high compared to 35754. And it's entirely possible that this pattern tightens up into mid or later July. Bulls want a bit more follow-through here. They they want 320s plus to keep it tightening up to give them space above that 293 low. But I can say by looking at this pattern, Tesla will see volatility pick up. Tesla will likely see volatility shrink over the next week plus and then it will see volatility pick up the second half of July. A headline can change that. You know, who knows what Musk could tweet about Trump with he's not a fan of the bill and the bill just passed. But um you know, if it comes out that that Musk is now starting a third party and he's all in uh in that regard, I would expect that to have a bit of bearish overhang for Tesla because it just means continued battle. Healthcare. So healthcare, we were looking at this weekly inverse head and shoulders attempt and it did confirm no follow-through at this point. Again, it was a one-day rotation to start the quarter and there's no red flags and we were extended to break that resistance. So what the bulls want to see is, you know, a daily higher low and then ideally some continuation, but UNH had a big bull break and then gave it back again. I've got exposure in UNH, but my break evens down around the low 270 and I'm just letting it play out. I'm going to hold this for 6 months, three years, or I'll stop out break even. Uh because that's what allowed for me to get, you know, Microsoft gains of 80% plus or whatever it was over a year and a half. And so that's my mindset for this name. And in the meantime, I'll grab some dividends. So, uh the red flag here was potentially related to the bill with the complete turnaround. We had a great breakout again that rotation day. It really thrived by getting to the highest level in a month plus, but 320s is stubborn. Are we adjusted for the dividend here? So, okay, if you don't adjust for the dividend, it's pretty much a double top at the bounce high. We got up to the 324s and we broke it by less than 1%. So, that's definitely important zone to be keeping an eye on. It's still technically a daily uptrend. We got a support zone down in the 290s to be watching. That's just the channel that I care about. If we're not breaking and turning one of these zones into support or resistance, then nothing is changing on this chart. So, it was nice to get, you know, some upside and some volatility. But here we are right back in the middle of this range and still sideways. So, uh, this is why I'm not really paying attention to this name at all, aside from, you know, checking in on it, but I'm not trading it and I'm just letting it play out because otherwise I'd be wasting a whole bunch of time, which is an opportunity cost. Quantum names. So quantum names were showing relative weakness, but I kept saying, you know, I'm looking short quantum if the NASDAQ sees weakness. Well, we didn't see any NASDAQ weakness. So, uh, you know, eventually you can only fight that current of the NASDAQ for so long and now the these bulls are benefiting. This again, you know, this is a bull flag on the weekly. We double bottom down at 36. We formed a little rounded bottom here. So, it's attempting to be a bull flag from that move. And the daily uptrend is going to be our guide. We got higher low, higher low, higher low. And so we're just making our way back up towards that resistance zone right around 49 and keeping an eye on things as OioQ is again the sector leader. But you got Qub back to testing its high again after a quick weekly bull flag attempt. You got QBTS, which was the lead bear. Started to look a little falling wedgie again. It was I might have talked about that last video. I forget. I say so many things in so many different places. I forget what I say where, but bare break into a little bounce. Bear break into a bounce. That's a big bounce. So again, you could look for a QBTS daily high or low next consolidation. Look at the weekly chart coming off alltime highs. There are no red flags there. EMA 12 hold. You know, that's digesting a a very strong 100% plus breakout. No red flags here. So, we'll see if the bulls can form another daily higher low. This actually reminds me of eBay. I've got a library of charts in my head. eBay all-time high back testing EMA 12 big daily bounce straight off the lows. We're scouting a daily higher low next consolidation. Can bears confirm the can bulls confirm the daily uptrend? QBTS is that same setup. The other one is RGTI laggered move big two days here again just building a base. So can't be short in quantum if the NASDAQ is strong in my opinion. Uranium CCJ again. I'm I'm going to exit my swing position that I grabbed back here when we lose daily EMA 12. Why make trading complex? Why should I be looking at RSI divergence and little clues trying to to find the secrets that nobody else is seeing? I'm long if daily EMA 12 is support. When it's lost, I'll exit at least half of my position and maybe the whole position. How much more simple can you make this? You can't. I cannot suggest enough and I we we as newer traders we want to make it complex right because trading is very difficult and we know that and everybody's telling us how difficult it is so we make these assumptions that I I have to be digging deep and finding the things that nobody else is seeing it's difficult because we have to rewire our brains and the way psychology and emotions work that's why it's so difficult it's not that I have to do difficult technical analysis so now I moved I've just been walking a stop up I walked a stop up to here and then to here and now it's under here. So stop at the low is 7068 stop at 69.99. We'll see if we get a new alltime high. I know weekly consolidation is very due here. The other names in the sector have been seeing weekly consolidation SMR ok. But again, these names are on my list. A weekly higher low is the most likely scenario as we approach a back test of previous resistance to try and hold it as support as weekly EMA 12 catches up. So I know that at some point over the coming weeks I will be scouting a weekly high or low in SMR and OKLO. It's on my conveyor belt of trades. OKLO was a weekly cup and handle was talking about that June 9th and on June 9th there's your bull break. It was short-lived but percentage- wise certainly worth it. Again just cup and handle. So, we gave it back, but we're looking for a weekly higher low as we back test. Previous resistance as support. Daily downtrend is our guide while we are scouting for a weekly higher low. Maybe it's a 4hour falling wedge trying to shape up like QBTS was. It's not very developed at this point, but I can draw some line. Yeah, that's good. That's a good one. That's a good one. We pull back. Yeah, I'm gonna keep an eye on that this week. See this? These videos help me, right? I enjoy helping other people, but I'm doing prep for next week. Live on the spot. Well, recorded on the spot, but it's live for me. So, we'll keep an eye on those. I like OKL a little bit better. But, all right, commodities. Let's wrap it up here. We got a long second half of the video. Dollar is all bare. Daily downtrend, weekly downtrend. We're looking for a daily lower high to be the result of this bounce. Gold still looks good. Again, weekly, keep it simple. Bulls are in control of weekly EMA 12 is support. Held it. Held it. Almost lost it. Held it again. Bulls are going to try and confirm a daily uptrend. If they do again, it's it's essentially an equilibrium. It's not a picture perfect one, but we got our high, low, lower high. Trying for a higher low in this tightening range. It'll be very clear when we lose weekly EMA 12, but bulls are fine until then. Silver still looks fine as well. Again, I size down a little bit and I don't regret it too much just because I've now been focusing elsewhere. I've got the profit I took in silver is in other places now. Uh, one of those being bull. We'll look at bull in just a moment, but that's a weekly bull flag. We're at 13-year highs or whatever. No red flags on silver whatsoever. Great back test and hold of the mid 35s. Held it here. Quick dip below. No acceptance. Held it again. Good sign. Um, bull. So, bull was a laggered play. So, I missed Hood and Hood, I think, was a cup and handle. Yeah, I was talking about Hood as a cup and handle back here. This quick little bull flag on the rejection. It was more of a grind up, not an explosion, but again, daily EMA 12 rider. You have nothing to worry about if that is support. And we just kept holding it. And then we got a significant leg up with news and tokenization and all that. So, I'm looking at the hood and saying, "Okay, I missed this. You know, I missed plenty of things. I'm not beating myself up about it. We will scout a weekly higher low eventually obviously with this much strength. But okay, I missed Hood. How can I make money elsewhere? Well, bull is a recent IPO and a sector pier. And I see Hood trying I see bull trying to form the balancing scales reversal. Look up chart guys balancing scales if you don't know what that is. But we're trading sideways as the scales start to shift from supply outweighing demand. Now we're evening out and then the scales tilted in a big way for demand to outweigh supply. And the reason I was looking for this was because it's a double top to the penny to a penny 1175 and we're just churning right underneath it and you break that level and it's go time and we go go straight up 30% plus from that resistance break. That was another one. I don't often, you know, it's it's not a major priority for me to post setups in advance on Twitter, but this was one of them. And then, you know, se seven people like it. It's like, "Oh, guys, I'm trying to feed you the play. Look for the break of 1175 as the go signal." Uh, so yeah, that was unfortunate. I was bummed to see not many people on that, but straight up took some profit. My break even now is down at, you know, who knows what, tens, in the tens. And so my mindset, and we had delution news after hours Thursday, so it's going to gap down on Monday. But we knew daily consolidation was inevit inevitable. You know, Thursday morning I said if you don't plan on sitting through consolidation, you're taking profit here on this gap up after we've run 30%. But can hourly oversold market daily high or low? We'll see. And again, my mindset in this market is get in positions and don't touch them. You know, I I'm kicking myself on PLTR because back when it was $7 or whatever, there's another cup and handle. Double top at alltime highs. Bull flag and go. Um, but I was watching it build its base down at $6. I didn't know much about the company. Well, a lot of people are excited about this thing. Why don't I just buy a thousand shares and just never sell it? It goes to zero and I lose $7,000 or I hold it for a long term. And obviously uh that would have been the decision. So my mindset on so many plays is that just get risk- free. You know, I don't need the the cash as income right now in terms of trading profits. So get risk- free. Set a break even stop. You know, maybe bull is trading at $26 in seven months. What do I know? Uh so hoping, you know, so many times you see an IPO get hyped, sell off, long-term bottom, basing out. Meta did it and then it just goes back to all-time highs over the next couple of years. So that is my mindset on many swing trades. Not not all of them, but right I'm done talking. No oil natural gas real quick. Oh, we got a doozy this week. So I said I wanted a bare a bare flag confirming with no follow-through to be the setup that I like and we didn't get it. So, we have the weekly higher low is not set inside bars still if it breaks bull. You know, we're going to look for the equilibrium. Look for something like that. Uh but not much else to say. Just watching these inside bars to see if the bulls can set the weekly higher low. Natural gas hasn't been doing much of anything. It's still all bare. Again, no interest. We're looking for a monthly higher low eventually. The bulls have not been able to do it. not wasting my time on natural gas because anticipating that we're just going to tighten up long term. Now you know that was the move. That's an example where I will take, you know, that's counter a lot of long-term downtrends and I played that move long. I will exit that bull position because it's counter trend. Well, bull is as well. It's just because it's a recent IPO that it's different for me and UNH is as well. I guess that's a bad example. Um, but expecting a monthly tightening range. All right, so it's Thursday, a few hours after the market closed. I'm fresh out of a sauna session where I was brainstorming. I'm gross, but inspiration struck. You can't manufacture inspado. And so we're going to record this while it's still fresh in my mind because how I traded BMNR this week is essentially a micro version of every period of months where it's euphoria where I level up uh in terms of significant gains and uh you know changing the capital size that I'm trading with. So, BMNR Tom Lee Ethereum crypto and a new name. That's all I need for the theme. We know the theme is crypto stocks. How do we know that? C. Jack Mer is a well-known crypto figure. This is his Bitcoin treasury company or whatever. And it is new and exciting. And they talk about it on CNBC. That's key, right? The words got to get out to the masses. plus 377% in a week and a half. Then you have CRCL IPO new stable coins sexy straight up 367% in two weeks. Then you get BMNR and this one blows everything out of the water. It goes up in 4 days 1,200% in four days. the most important thing crypto new no price history blue sky breakout essentially and uh two of them had a a known figure head attached with them but uh that those that's the recipe for euphoria, right? Because people recognize that's what's going on just like me as a trader and we jump in on it like me as a trader and we jump in on it like me as a trader and we jump in on it when we see it. So big shout out. We're going to go through the progression, but big shout out to TJ, who's been in the chart, guys, for at least five years. Post this Monday 10:29 a.m. I streamed on Monday from 9:00 a.m. to maybe 10:27 a.m. And I can remember I wrapped it up by saying, "I don't really see anything that I like at this point." TJ posts this two minutes after I'm done streaming. Two minutes later, I'm long. BMR. And I'll show you how my I made my entry. But big shout out to TJ. I have no idea how TJ ended up doing on this play. He made money, I'm sure. But uh TJ might be kicking himself. Man, I was the one to post it and it went up, you know, a thous0% from when I posted it and I could have made blah blah blah. That's not the mindset for me. The goal is I want a higher net worth than the day before. And when you're trading with a community or a group, it is so much more fun to make money with other people. And this post alone had a ripple effect out into the world, impacting a significant amount of people that TJ's never met and doesn't know. and myself included in the sense that I jumped on this post and then eventually, you know, after I post that I'm in and we talk in our chat room, then I post it on Twitter and I've got messages from people on Twitter saying, "I just sold it 150, you know, up x00% because you posted about it on Monday. I only posted about it because TJ posts about it. It's a ripple effect and that's the most fun aspect of trading in the new digital age and social media and chat rooms and all that." So, thanks TJ. So, how did I enter right after that? And there's a number of things that when I'm trading this style, number one, I don't care about rebying higher than where I sold. That seems backwards. People normally as a new trader would say, I can't reby at 35. I sold it at 28. That's way higher. I should have done this, this, this. No, you're just limiting your opportunity. What's done is done. If there's a new setup and there's new information, you get in at a higher price. Another thing that I will do is I've been doing more is adding to positions. There's two ways that I will add to positions. I will add an EMA rider. So, I'll add an EMA support or if we've been trading sideways right under an all-time high resistance, I'll stop by the resistance break and add to that. The other thing is back burners. you know, one minute oversold, looking for a 15minute higher low or a fivem minute higher low, depending on what the setup is. Things like that are ways that I'll look for entries as well. The other key is that I keep going aggressive until I get a stop sign. What is the stop sign? A loss. So, just today, for example, again, we're going to start on Monday, but today for example, you know, I I probably had 20 different orders of this name today. Buy, sell half, sell half kind of deal. And uh I was green, green, green, green, green. And then towards the end of the day, probably in the last half hour, I had my first red trade and I gave back, let's say, 15% of my gains on the day. That means I'm done. I I enter a mode where I say, I'm going to keep doing this. And then the first time that I lose or am wrong doing this, I stop doing it because that means the momentum is shifting. Maybe the top has been set because that's the other thing. It's a game of hot potato. We know that I'm angelic. when when the top is hit, we're going to pull back 40% in a couple of days at most very often. That's how we top out. And so it's a game of hot potato because you don't want to be holding when that 40% drop happens. You want to be out. And so that's what it was like for me in crypto 2017. And you have to be willing to accept that draw down. You know, right now the stock market's been going straight up for a week and a half, and I've been aggressively swinging long and trading long, and I know that when the market tops, I will see a draw down in my accounts. But if I fear that draw down, I'm limiting my opportunity, and I'm missing, you know, my account's gone straight up for the last 12 trading days in a row. And if I was worried about the draw down after day six of that straight up move, I would have been limiting myself on six more days of follow-through. And so in 2017 crypto, I had a goal, you know, $25,000. I want to double this. And that's my goal for trading ETH ETH. And uh that's how I entered the market. And then I blink and I'm up thousands of percent. And so my mindset was then I'm going to keep doing this as long as it keeps working. When it stops or when I make a big mistake, I'm going to get back what to me would be a huge amount of money, but I will still be way over what my goal was. And so that's the kind of environment where I want to be smashing the gas and riding it as aggressively as I can. And I was doing the exact same trading in crypto 2017 as I did this week on BMNR. And back then, Bitcoin hits a new all-time high. You get followthrough of five to 10 percent instantly. So, you can allin by those resistance breaks with the confidence knowing that, okay, I'm all in and I'll just sell a third of it, 5% higher five minutes later. And then I'm in full control at that point. Sometimes you got to worry about halts and things with stocks. Fortunately, BMR didn't have a ton of those recently. Um, I think that's all I wanted to say. Okay, so Monday, how did I get in after the post from TJ? And again, keeping in mind at that point, you know, it definitely is chasing to a certain degree, but as long as your risk parameters are set, you can chase. And so, you know, in this instance, from the open on Monday, by the time I bought, we were already up 20 whatever percent on the day. Most stocks that I trade don't go up 20% on the day, and if they do, it's not going to go up much more than that. But this was different. It's got the three ingredients that I need for that euphoria. And so the entry that I made was just one minute EMA 12. So I see it's running crazy. I see, you know, there's there's a lack of price history. And I entered that Monday. Yeah. Yeah. Here's where I entered. So inside bar. So inside bar, bear break, one minute consolidation, following through of it. One minute EMA 12. Okay. I'm looking back at the price action. I see it held. It held. We grinded it, but it held held. All right, I'm gonna play off one minute 12. That's the most aggressive entry. What if I'm wrong? What if that's the top for the day? Okay, I'm in at I think my fill was 1852. So, I'm in at 1852 and uh I will just exit, you know, if we drop down whatever my let's see that at that size. Yeah, we would need to drop, you know, a dollar for me to then cut it and say, "Oh, that's a, you know, a decent loss on the day and and I'm done trading this name." So, the dollar risk is my stop level because the only support I see is 1531. That's too far away. I'm not going to play off 1531. I'm playing off one minute EMA 12. And so, we pull back to it. I'm in as this inside bar is forming because I see in the one minute EMA 12 hold initially. And then uh we get the big bull break and I sell half fairly quickly. You know, you look back in hindsight again, as a trader, you can find a thousand things to be mad at yourself about. I choose the opposite and find the thousand things to be glad with myself about. And so in this instance, I made at 1852, I'm out half at 1938. So that's a 4 and a.5% move. That's not shabby. it's in, you know, a minute or two. But as soon as I sell half, I now just stick a break even stop and I let it go and I let it run for a while. And, it go and I let it run for a while. And, it go and I let it run for a while. And, you know, I can look at that and say, "Oh, if I didn't sell that half, I could have had this many dollars." That's a negative mindset. Or I could look at it and say, "If I didn't sell half, I would have never been comfortable entering off one minute EMA 12 on a name that's already run 23% that doesn't have a support level in terms of price that's nearby. So I don't get one without the other. I have to sell that half to take that trading style if I'm going to enter aggressively. So I end up trading it a few times on Monday. I sold it all Monday after hours in like 41 was the exit of my last position. Hindsight, right? I could find a million things I did wrong. That one, you know, I don't want to li don't want to gloss over any mistakes. I want to improve. I want to optimize. I can learn from things. But, uh, again, it's just being very gentle with yourself and knowing that you're never going to nail tops and bottoms. You're never going to do the perfect thing. You're going to do your best as you can. Do you have a higher net worth than yesterday? Great. Keep going. That's the goal. So, uh, then we got, you know, big follow through on Tuesday. Traded again on Tuesday. I didn't trade it on Wednesday and it was a daily inside bar and I thought we might be done for now. Uh, you know, Tuesday is an ugly candle. Tuesday is, okay, we're done. Uh, one of one of the characteristics of a play like this is you close at the high of the day in blue sky. They push it in after hours easily. BMR was up 50% after hours in an hour and a half on comparatively very low volume. And uh, you know, that happened in Canadian Cannabis when I was leveling up. That was the play. And then Tuesday, it looks to me, well, we might be done. You know, we just ran in two days hundreds of percent 500% in two days. You tell me that's the top. What's the percentage chance that's the top off that daily candle? I'm at, you know, 87%. That's the top. Then on Wednesday, we hold the low 4122. We hold it by 28 cents. That's impressive. Okay, bulls are still sticking with it here. We might not be done yet. Uh we don't have the strong close. We don't have the gap runaway type of action. But then today inside bar bull break, you know, your first signal in is 6358. Your second signal in is 74.80, the new all-time high. I missed the first signal. I bought today. You know, today my morning was I'm trying to long CRCL again. I get a position, I stop out, break even. I long CLSK, crypto miner. Trades around, you know, I do a little flipping, stop out, break even. I'm focusing on the crypto plays. Clearly, Bitcoin's right under all-time highs. We've got clearly crypto stocks have had relative strength for weeks. Then I go to BMNR. Okay, inside bar bull break and alltime high is back in play. Uh I am interested again. So I went from nope, not this name. Nope, not this name. You know, I very easily could have just focused on circle for the next hour where it did nothing but equilibrium and tighten up and missed a massive opportunity. I can't suggest enough getting the mindset of if you're not doing what I want you to do exactly as I want you to do it or close. I'm ditching you and I'm going to the thing that will, you know, the next opportunity. And obviously, we're in an environment where there's opportunities everywhere more so than usual. But, uh, I'm I'm looking at my orders over here. So, first order of BMR was at 959. 7072 is my first fill at that point in time. How much are we up on the day? A lot. I am chasing and I know I'm chasing from the open So at that point in time, we're already up again 24% after running hundreds of percent. How am I comfortable buying here? because I have a clear level nearby that's going to invalidate and stop me out and keep my risk small. Again, it's one minute one minute of the EMA2. It wasn't a perfect hold on the morning. This candle closed right under it, but it's like, well, we're right under alltime high. If we're going to get alltime high here, we're going to run on one minute of the MA12 again. I see this lower wick. Uh, I see the one minute higher low set. Now, I have a level going off of I'm playing off of 6851. Give a little wiggle room. Stop 67.99. I'm playing off that level and I'm entering on this one minute consolidation. So I'm filled 7072 and I sell onethird of it at 7275. Why have we haven't broken the all-time high yet? I know I'm being an aggressive bull. It's possible we reject and stay tightening up. And so by selling one/3 now again you know my break even 772 easy math 6972 is my break even. So I stick my stop 67.99 I got twothirds of the position left. I am still risking a loss but it's a very acceptable loss if that were to hit. We then run and I'm in full control. And then once we get to a period where it feels like a top is coming at any point, you know, blowoff top, I'll do something like, you know, I'm going to exit when we lose one minute EMA 12. So I was all out this trade by this candle and, you know, I sold some more upper 70s. Yeah, I was pretty much upper 70s, low 80s, and then I'm all out. And so, okay, I'm being protective, right? I just want give me a little bit more. If it keeps running, all right, I'll look for another spot. But, um, again, I'm I'm just It was the same thing in 2017 crypto where I didn't, you know, if I just bought Monday and held, would I have done better than trading? Absolutely. But if you told me on Monday, what's the percent chance that we're going to run a,000% plus this week? I'd say less than 1%. Because that's the probability that this would happen. So, I again, I can't kick myself and play the what if game on a less than 1% chance because that's not realistic. What if I had picked those lottery numbers? I could have been a billionaire. No, you don't do that. So, don't do it on such a low probability thing. Should have, would have, could have is a big waste of time. So, um, but I was playing hot potato with Bitcoin in 2017. You know, buying, selling in the strength, getting stopped out of my runner, reload, even though it may be higher, but it's still strong. And then when the top is hit, I don't give anything back. Maybe I take my first loss on the the account, but many times I'm right up near my all-time high. And same thing with today. You know, I was BMR from the high of 160, pulled back 25% or whatever from the high very quickly, and I hardly gave anything back because I'm playing hot potato and I'm not holding anything when that kind of top is set. So, the next buy that I had was up in the 80s. No. 7962 and I was selling it in the upper 80s. So 1011 that was probably me adding. So yeah, another really tight. Yeah, again just an ad, right? So I'm already I still have a runner position at that point. I add here because why? We're trading sideways. We have a very clear base of support that I can go off of here. Look at this hold. 7751 7750 7751 instantly I know I'm playing off that level. There's clearly a bid there that is not allowing the price to go lower. And so I just I can buy it. You know I can market by while that's being once I recognize it. I mark it by. I get filled at 7964. It's not ideal. It's $2 away. But I just take my stop 77.49. I'm risking we'll call it $3 with bad slippage. Um, and then I sell half of that at 83. So I wait, you know, I'm playing on the sideways bull break out half 83. So now my added aggressive position, we'll just do easy numbers. 7750 to 83. I sell half. What's my break even now? There 7250. I'm coasting on a larger position now. And I just stick a break even stop. Every new position I'm treating it like it's don't trade. break even stop on my added aggressive position. If I stop out, I still got a little bit from earlier. Let that one run. But I did that so many times when I'm going to do a stop by. It's when you're trading sideways. So, here was a temporary top. I thought the top could be in, but we're just looking for a fiveminute higher low. And so, on this pullback, uh had a solid entry. Forget exactly what it was. One minute inverse head and shoulders. I anticipated a fiveminute lower high. I sold on the way up. Sold 112s. I didn't think we were getting another leg up. Again, you ask me at that point in time, what is the probability that we're going to see a new all-time high before close? I say there's an 8 10% chance 10% chance from that climax top and a halt on the way down and you have now pulled back and again that you know shortened day times running out. You're down 26% from the high which means you need 35% just to get back to that level. So again, it's not the most likely scenario for me. I thought we would tighten up for a while and we just absolutely ripped again. And you know, I was buying this thing the whole way up. I bought again 89. That was a stop by. What was 89? I do a stop by when it's an all-time high and you're trading sideways right under it. It's you're building up pressure. And the more a lot of people do that, the more you see a clear level. It was here. So, here's the high. You're trading sideways. Look at 7750 again. We're holding the se the 78s, the 79s. You're just trading sideways and then you we get close and we're knocking on the door and then it's a little more sideways right under resistance. Stop by at 8901. I'm filled at 8948. Great fill. Fidelity gives you great fills. I've been with them for a long time. Yeah. Stop by 8901. I'm filled at 8948. Look how long I have to wait that minute. I'm waiting seconds and it's at 96. So I'm up 7% in seconds on that aggressive stopby. Again, same deal. Sell a little bit. Break even stop. Run, run, run. I mean, I was buying in the 120s by the end of the day. 12372. I bought at 1226. So that was that was me recognizing, oh damn, we're going to get a new high again. If you get that close, you're gonna you're gonna get a new high. Um, so again, pop above it, sell a bit, break even. You know the deal. Uh, I probably I'm not sure exactly where the loss was that I took. Probably here, this one minute equilibrium, big pullback, lower high, higher low, lower high. I probably positioned in here and played off of 147 146.99 stop out. Done with it out of time as well, but uh you get the idea. So, uh I'm done talking just because my brain has now run out of things to say. This was longer than I thought it would be, but uh hopefully it was helpful. Do good things. All right, I'm back. I forgot to talk about what do we expect from here. So again, top at any moment, 40% pullback pretty much guaranteed. Is the top end? I don't know. How many things this past week that I just talked about that I did not know would happen and still benefited from and were very low probability. So that's all I can do is try and get probabilities, but I have to fully accept. I don't know. So it depends on how we open on Monday. We could open at 100. We could open at 140. I have no idea where we're going to open, but we know resistance is 161. I will be watching for a lower high compared to that level. We've got a base after hours right now in the 112s. So, if we break 112, probabilities increase that a top is in. The big one will be when back burners stop working. We're going to look for five minute oversold to mark an hourly higher low. If that happens and then the hourly bounce can't get to the highs and then we confirm an hourly downtrend, top is in for now. It's the zoomout game. I just talked about the one minute EMA 12 rider a lot. When you lose it, zoom out to the two-minute, watch two-minute EMA 12. When you lose it, zoom out to five minute, then 15 minute, then hourly. It's the same thing that you do with back burners. You use up the first one minute oversold, go to the five minute, first five minute oversold, 15, first 15 minute, then you go to the hourly. It's this zoom out game of the different time frames to capitalize on the different opportunities. I can play a bounce at five minute of the MA12. Even if the top is in, maybe I stop out, break even, maybe I lock in a small win. We confirm a fiveminute downtrend. Okay, didn't work. So now I'm going to the hourly. I'll look for the hourly higher low. I'll watch hourly EMA 12. I'll use the five minute time frame. Nested trends to try and find that hourly higher low. And that's that's how it's endless opportunities when you get a runner like this. It just means okay step take a step back and you look for the next time frame uh higher low and then or the lower high once we're confident the top is set but I find it a lot easier to be is set but I find it a lot easier to be is set but I find it a lot easier to be on the long side and what other supports so where do we find support on the way up this is a big level 9570 that's going to be key next week been eating a bunch of wine berries volunteers all around the yard it's the best time of the year for flowers. Echanatia, cone flowers, gladiololis, different kinds of liies. That's echanatia. Nope, that is elderberry whose berries will be ready soonish. This is poke berry I'm letting run wild. The birds eat those. Lamb's quarter taking over the asparagus bed. I've been eating more of that this year than usual. Beets and squash. You can see the squash took a beating from the hail with all these holes. The bigger the leaves, the more beat up they got. You can see this mullen beat up. Harvested a bunch of the onions. The ones that are left, I'll just let them flower. Peas got cooked in the heat wave, but bunnies live in there, so letting it be their shade. Cucumbers, squash, peppers, watermelon, tomatillo, couple different kinds of bomb, Squash, kale, harvesting potatoes today. All these dying plants are the potatoes. You can see the onions in between them. I also planted pea or uh beans. So, the beans will hopefully take over now that the potato plants are out of the way. Let's do one Pretty decent year. Had better, but didn't have to water much, so that was nice. Every now and again you get one that somebody's been eating so they can keep it. It's a good tradeoff. They usually just eat one. Leave me the majority.