============================================================
Video: xZQ1G1LXjCk
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Bears Finally Prove Something
Date: 2025-05-21
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3685
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:50.166448
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're doing a midweek video as last week I was out camping. Missed the weekend video, but we're back to check in. Bears finally did something today in response to the US 20-year bond auction. We'll talk about that a bit. We'll check in on what the bears need to do to continue to keep their control and where some potential targets are. First, we've got an annual membership spring sale going on for the next week or so. couple hundred dollar off, get a free indicator included. I'm going to be doing a live stream this Thursday, 5:00 PM Eastern, where I talk more about membership, what it entails, answer any questions, have a beer, kick back. So, I'll see you all there. All right, so 20-year auction. We can see that the 20-year government bonds are at the highest levels that they've seen in the last year plus, pretty much almost a year and a half. And we saw the response to that, that happened at 100 p.m. Eastern. And if you were watching the charts at that point, we absolutely rolled over on high volume and then the bears controlled the rest of the day into the close from there. So, is this the top? Are we about to roll over? It's definitely a temporary top. We were watching a number of things. The Moody's low is what's been the most important level for me on the week. So we have the Moody's news after hours Friday US downgraded. We then get a gap down open and that was the low for the week at that point and the the mindset is then okay if the bears are going to prove anything we've got to break the Moody's low and now we have broken it. So this is the first time bears have proved anything pretty much in the last month. If you look at NQ the last month it's just nothing but up and even the bearish days were so minimally bearish. I mean, you look at QQQ, we just had seven days in a row where we closed higher than the open. This was the most intraday bearish day that we saw in QQQ the last three to four weeks, which was an inside bar and a close a dollar lower than the previous day. That's insane. That's insane. Complete bull control. We did have a rising wedge that we've been watching since the end of last week or mid last week. So mid last week started to keep an eye out for the potential of the NQ hourly megaphone. I said rising wedge, I meant megaphone. So what is that? That is breaks with no follow through. We got plenty of those. So here's our high break with no follow through Monday in extended hours. Break with no follow through today. And as far as support is concerned, we're looking at this. And now the bulls are going to attempt to hold support. And what we have to see is a confirmed hourly downtrend. When's the last time the NASDAQ futures chart has seen a clear hourly lower high and lower low? It did it back here. But this is I'm viewing this as a sucker punch, right? You know, news out of nowhere. Bulls in complete control, complacency, we're just grinding. If you don't know what a sucker punch is, Google chart guys sucker punch or search it on our website. There's a video talking about it. But what we care most about the sucker punch is when the low is found, do you break to another lower low? We did it on the five minute time frame. There's your stairstep low. There's your bounce. You've got to break that low, bears, if you're going to prove follow through. And they did. And so now we're doing that same thing on the hourly chart. When we bounce from here, do we confirm the hourly downtrend? A target for bears is a gap fill. The NASDAQ futures chart does have a gap fill down here to be keeping an eye on. From where we stand right now, we would need another few percent to get down there, three and a half%. And we're going to look at XLF. XLF had a weekly gap that has already filled. So, it's a start, right? This is the first time bears have done anything in four weeks. So now, how much follow-through do we get? Again, checklist. So, first check for the bears, break the Moody's low. All right, you got it. Next checklist for the bears, confirm the hourly downtrend. Then we got to confirm a daily downtrend, right? One time frame at a time. We need to pull back enough where we then set a lower high and lower low on the daily chart. There are a number of charts where we are keeping an eye out for a monthly lower high, but we're just so early into a pullback, it's way too soon to say this is a monthly lower high forming. Confirming a daily downtrend is the first baby step towards a potential monthly lower high. So, it's one time frame at a time. Bears are getting our attention. All right, paying attention now. We've been doing nothing but going up. Uh personally, you know, I've been doing some things like sold some Amazon into the gap up in the 210s, exited that swing position that I bought during fear. Uh lightening up some longs into this move up. I didn't exit some hedges that I had, and I did miss, you know, my IRA was not tracking the S&amp;P 500 as much as it should have been on this recovery, but I was also away from the screen a good bit, and I knew that my account wasn't going to be changing a whole lot because I was fairly flat. Since then, I've I've got focus on metals and miners. I've been banging the table about silver and crypto with Bitcoin's all-time high today, but the indices definitely still the macro that we're keeping an eye on. And again, the uh S&amp;P 500 is weaker than the NASDAQ because of the financial sector being a lead bear today and the healthc care sector being a lead bear a good bit longer. So again, looking down, there's a gap on the daily chart on the S&amp;P 500 futures. That's a potential target for the bears. And again, same thing. Confirm an hourly downtrend as a result of the next bounce. And then confirm a daily downtrend whenever we bottom from there. Those are the next two big check marks. Semiconductors failed the recent high, so it was a bull flag attempt. And this is why it's always important to be watching individual names and the sector that they are tied to. Because if you were watching NVDA, oh baby, here we go. Bull break. Five minute stairst step for an hour and a half. All bulls all late morning into the afternoon. And if you're only watching NVDA, you think I'm in the clear. This is great. But if you're watching SMH as well, you say, okay, this is great. NVDA relative strength. That's what I want to see lead bull. But I know SMH has to break 24944 to continue giving me that confidence. And it didn't. And so that would keep you a little bit more cautious if you're watching that as well. Got to have both things do the thing you want to happen. So SMH with a new consolidation low. Again, gap fill. That's the target for bears at least. You know, a lot of people, we talk about gaps all the times. For me, they're just a target. Just like anything else would be a target. Whether you're using a moving average, whether you're using a previous support level, if I'm a bear, I would love to see the price get back to that gap fill. There are instances where some weekly gaps don't fill for a very long time. There's still some NASDAQ futures gaps from way back that have not filled. So, it doesn't have to happen. It could happen in three months, but they're just targets. It's not a magnet. Anyways, XLF leading the way down today. The major sector that got closest to the all-time highs, 5244. We got up within just under 1%. Gap fill down here to 504. Nope, we didn't fill that one. We filled the weekly gap. There was a weekly gap at 5037 that has now filled. And again, you know, tons of space for a weekly higher low. But when I'm trying to gauge how much weekly retracement are we going to get, it's the daily. Do we we're coming right from the high. Do we confirm a daily downtrend as a result of the next bounce? Whenever we bottom out. Do we get that lower high and lower low? When's the last time that's happened? It happened during the tariff fear. It has not happened since. So bears again, first time bears have shown us something today. Okay, the next thing they got to show us, confirm that daily downtrend. I really suggest making your checklist because that helps you focus on the different time frames and that helps you try and remain unbiased. You know, we're always going to have a bias no matter what, but you know, if I'm checking off a lot of things on the bare list and nothing on the bull list, that's going to start giving us information. Healthcare we know has been a lead bear. Anything under 13613 was just a lower high. pulling back here. We're looking down at the recent low. Bulls held I'm thinking UNH. UNH bulls held 300. Definitely UNH is a focus because of the wild week last week. I was bummed that I was traveling for it. I did pull over into a rest stop and do a little bit of trading of it uh to grab a small position for its bounce on its big capitulation day. But if you're a UNH bull, you got to see XLV. Again, we knew XLV was going to be the first major sector to hit new fear lows if anybody was going to do it. We did. And now the daily downtrend remains our guide. Do bulls confirm a daily uptrend or do we drop to lower lows and keep the yearly consolidation going that we were watching for to end last year? And as far as UNH is concerned, same deal. Got to confirm the daily uptrend. big bounce, three gap ups, bearish reversal pattern, three gap ups, just looking for a daily lower high. Hourly RSI got up to 70 and topped out. All the signs that we look for when counter trend and so now we're going to see can the bulls confirm the daily trend change and they need XLV to help if that's going to take place. And so ideally, you know, if any bulls that weren't too early can sell enough to get their break even down around that low and just stick a stop there. I mean, cumulative annualized gains for UNH in the last 16 years, it's like 330% a year. Uh so, you know, we you got to ruin that at some point and pull back big. And that's what's now happened. Are we going to set a yearly higher low? Well, if you have a long-term mindset, maybe you're making an attempt at that. You know, my style, buy, grab 500 shares. Let's say you didn't have a great average, 280, sell a quarter at 300, sell a quarter at 320. Quick math, now your break even's down 250. So, that's either a long-term position that doesn't stop you out or it does. And again, just going back to my Microsoft position, I did the exact same thing from the 2022 lows. And the only reason that I held that thing for years is because it didn't stop me out. So, I will hold this long-term position unless I stop out. And then I changed my game plan after. Okay, now we're up 90% in two years. Uh, but same same mindset for UNH. And if we confirm a daily trend change, then we'll zoom out and scout a weekly lower high. Again, same thing, one time frame at a time. But it's a good lesson looking at that yearly chart because you know how many yearly charts look like that in the stock market. The answer is a lot. You know, QQQ not as extreme, but there's plenty of them out there. NVDA just straight up, you know, these things. Meta Meta got its reset a couple years ago, but the reset is needed when you're up thousands of percent with no yearly consolidation. So ensure that you're looking at the longer term time frames on some of these things because eventually yearly consolidation is coming for everybody. It's just a question of when quantine have been great. QBTS big time breakout. We watching this 15-minute cup and handle to end Monday. And again, this is another one where I was on the road. It's like h do I want to grab a swing position? We're closing near the high. It's blue sky breakout. That's the best case scenario for the bulls. I ended up not doing so because it's not my ideal trading environment when I'm driving, but I played out in a huge way. Quick almost 50% move there. Ended up shorting it today on the two-minute lower high. Quick trade review where I made a mistake here. So, had a good short, was exiting that short into the pullback, leaving a runner. Then I was watching this support 1620 from yesterday. So, look at this base. Hold it. Hold it. 1620. And I see a falling wedge shaping up into that support. So, I say, "All right, I'm going to be looking long on this falling wedge." Normally, when I'm playing a falling wedge, I'm buying support break. So, when I have conviction, you know, I'd buy here, I'd sell partial here, and then I'd reload it. If the new low lacks follow-through, sell a little bit. Reload half. If the new low lacks follow-through, sell a little bit. Then I got a great cost basis for a position that I try and hold longer term. In this instance, I recognized it late and I bought the bull break. So now my entry price is a bit off of the low more than I'd like to be. You know, 1650 probably mid640s I believe is when I entered and at that point the low of the day down at 1612. So I got 2% risk. So I day down at 1612. So I got 2% risk. So I day down at 1612. So I got 2% risk. So I got to sell partially into the initial move up. And then they did stop me out break even. kept a a fairly tight stop because I was on the later side. That's not how I like to play falling wedges, but it did end up being an inverse head and shoulders. Wedges very often, rising wedges with a head and shoulders, falling wedges with an inverse head and shoulders. Those two patterns go hand in hand. And very often a wedge will morph into a head and shoulders. A wedge will confirm, but if it's going to follow through, it's then got to be the inverse head and shoulders. So, my mistake was having too tight of a stop, not recognizing the inverse head and shoulders. You know, I could look at that and say, "Well, well, good thing. It would have dumped anyways." No, I missed the trade. I could have gotten, you know, a nice 5% or whatever it was. But that's the way it goes. Free lesson. That's nice, right? Stop out, break even. I love when my lessons are money left on the table. I don't have to pay for those lessons, but temporary tops in for now. We're going to watch for a daily higher low eventually. We're going to watch for hourly oversold to try and mark the daily higher low. We've been watching these low cap psychedelic names. ATAI shot up 50% over a few days. This was an inverse head and shoulders on the weekly time frame. This is the daily chart, but looked like that. M&amp;MD did the same thing. I've been trading those a little bit more. Again, just the high risk, high reward, a little bit of positive statements coming out of the government. That sector is going to have at some point psychedelic names will have your, you know, 100% runs, beast mode runs where money grows on trees eventually. You need the right catalyst with the fundamentals, but definitely worth paying attention to that sector. Uh because if you ask me where's the most risk and reward in the stock market, that's where it would be just because it's in its infancy. You still got the laws against it. As we know with cannabis back in the heyday, changing of laws is a major catalyst for price movement. So always watch it. The dollar continues to pull back weekly lower highs set. We are watching can the bulls form a weekly higher low, but the medals have had a good few days here. So, I'm watching this gold channel bare break with no follow-through. Great sign. That means zoom out and look for a bull flag. This is a potential two-week bull flag on gold coming off the all-time highs. We'll see how this channel goes, but space for a daily higher low. Silver's been my top watch. So, end of April, Bitcoin and MSCR were my top watches into May for the monthly higher lows. That went great. We'll look at Bitcoin in just a moment. And then early May, my wa top watch for the end of May was silver because of this beautiful tightening range. And again, just riskreward. If this thing breaks bull, we've got a double top at 13-year highs and then we clear and we got space. You know, we can stretch our legs a bit. And so we have broken resistance. I'd like to add to my position. Look at this back test. So look at this double top of resistance on the hourly. And today on the uh bonds reaction, just a perfect back test and hold into a new high. So now we're looking at little resistance level and then that 13-year double top. And we're currently just a couple percent away from it, maybe 3 4%. I really like how silver looks. My stop is under this low, very low risk. You know, I I forget I'm in SLV, so my risk is 75 cents. Stop out of 29 breaks. I I missed stopping out by 10 cents a few days ago. Uh risking 75 cents. Targets, you know, mid30s. So risk 75 cents, reward $5 plus is my kind of setup. So we'll see if we can follow through. But I like the setup. Minor still bouncing as well. Again, downtrend confirmed with no follow through. Good sign overall. Bitcoin today. blue sky breakout. Anything that's near blue sky deserves extra attention. Didn't get enough follow-through, but the best bounces out of anything that I was watching in reaction to the bond auction were metals, miners, and Bitcoin. And so, we'll see if we can get a more convincing bull move over 110,000 plus. But simple statement, if daily EMA 12 is support, bulls have absolute complete control. Nothing to worry about. natural gas. So, this is a pattern where you could say, "Oh, this is a head and shoulders. That's bearish. It's also a pattern where you could say, well, a monthly higher low is the most likely scenario, and if we're going to set a monthly higher low, then we're watching for a weekly trend change to take place." I don't have enough conviction to look long. I don't like trading natural gas. Again, I traded it once in the last couple of years. It went great, but uh I don't like the setup enough. If I were, I would say that's either the weekly high or low or I'm wrong. and I'd use that as my stop, but uh it's not for me. But if we confirm that weekly trend change, monthly higher low set, and then the bulls need to confirm continuation of this move. But uh again, I don't have interest anymore. I was potentially interested for a monthly higher low, but too much else going on. My main focus is Bitcoin and crypto stocks. I was trading MR today. Again, the the bond auction ruined it, but it was a beautiful bull flag that followed through. Uh, crypto and metals are my top watch really. And bears, can the bears do something in the indices? That's that's pretty much it. All right. Appreciate you watching again. Check out our sale. Check out the webinar on Thursday. I went camping down in Florida. Little road trip to Spirit of the Swanie, which is an awesome festival ground. I've gone a couple times to a major 20,000 person huge spectacle hula festival. This was a smaller one called Resonate and I liked it so much more. Uh I went by myself. Whenever I see something I want to do, I always just buy a ticket and then, you know, let my friends know, hey, anybody want to come? Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. But I went by myself, made a bunch of friends, got a cool hat from one of my friends, and uh I suggest checking it out. So, here's some clips from that. But back in the