============================================================
Video: gqljx6sRpiw
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Dead Cat Bounce Or Bottom?
Date: 2025-04-12
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5906
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:14:05.639436
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're coming off one of the wildest trading weeks of my 14-year trading career. Certainly comparable to COVID times. Is the bottom set? Have we found the fear bottom? Little bit of news trickling out over the weekend. We're going to look in at the charts of the major sectors. Some individual names like Tesla, GME, Quantum Computing, and of course, Gold on Fire. There's lots to look at. Let's get to the charts. Thanks as always for the likes and the shares. This coming Thursday at 5:00 PM Eastern, I'm going to do a live stream where we're talking more bigger picture time frames, three month, six month, yearly charts, and we're going to check in on things because we've obviously come a long way over the last month of trading. So, make sure and check that out. I've done that series now for the past year, couple years. Uh, so it's a nice continuous check-in every quarter or so for the big picture. For now, we're going to zoom in on the weekly and daily shorter term time frames. Essentially looking at the week ahead or the week behind and what we're looking for in the week ahead. So, significant flush, significant fear. And we saw some historical things happen just in terms of, you know, historical dollar volume, uh, historical RSI levels on certain futures time frames in terms of the speed of the drop. The percentage of this drop isn't, you know, insane. It is the speed at which it happened which is what makes it so unique in terms of you know the past 20 years. So again percentage-wise you know 2022 bigger drop but that was over an entire year. This was extremely fast and obviously it's an extremely headline sensitive environment with tariffs and all that and I'm definitely paying attention because it impacts the short-term time frames especially when things are so volatile but also that's all secondary for me compared to price. Price is always what is most important. So over the weekend, just getting a little headline, you know, tariff product exclusions, talking about semiconductors, computers, and things like that. Potential for a little bit of bullish benefit in names like Apple and Nvidia uh Monday morning. We'll see if that carries through. But uh again, just got to be paying attention to to the headlines. The bond market has been getting pretty wild. I'm paying attention to the bond market just because, you know, if if rates get high enough, I'm going to park cash back in treasuries. For a while, I was doing the monthly and short-term three-month treasuries. Uh, but at the moment, I'm just having all my cash sit in Fidelity SPX, which is earning roughly 4% or whatever while I'm day trading, which is awesome. Um, so keeping an eye on it, but again, always priced. So, big green week again, oversold conditions. The NASDAQ futures RSI, I mean, look at look at the COVID dump. We got down to start this week. the weekly RSI was more oversold than the COVID dump. And that's because COVID was coming from overbought. But again, just, you know, historically, you look back at the last couple decades and say, "Okay, well, generally speaking, weekly RSI being oversold is a time to buy." So again, you know, I had friends and stuff calling me after the election saying, "I want to put money in the market." And I'm saying, "Nope, we don't buy during euphoria. Euphoria, you wait for fear." And so this past week was, hey, here's the fear in terms of long-term positions. You know, you don't care about 5% difference if you're talking 10 20 years out. Just saw a hawk carrying something fly by. Uh so bottoms in temporarily, right? We know that much. We don't have a daily uptrend yet as far as I'm concerned. And what is most important for me is this back test. So, we essentially started the week with a big bounce, double topped, came back down and tested support. And again, the volatility is insane. You look at, you know, a 5% drop, 3% bounce, 2 and a.5% pullback, 3 and a half% bull move into the end of the day. That prior was a very volatile entire week for the NASDAQ and it's happening in a day. And liquidity is significantly lower. Again, the dollar volume on QQQ absolutely through the roof. that was giving me a little bit of conviction. I think a temporary bottoms and on that third gap down open on Monday when everybody on social media is talking about limit down you know black Monday and Kramer poking that flame for sure but the volume there 161 million shares you look back and there's times with more shares traded but it's something like you know 600 million shares in the dot dump but that was at a price that's 9% of what the current price is and 2008 Hey, you know, you had 200 million shares, but again, that was at a price of like $38 compared to $454. So, the dollar volume absolutely through the roof. And that did mark the temporary bottom. But, uh, again, back to the NASDAQ. This is the most important support level for me. And essentially, you know, bulls are in control of the bounce as long as we keep holding this back test of just a perfect double top. You come back down, it looks like, oh my god, the world's about to end again. You hold support and then you get the Trump headline for the bull break. And this is the back test. Yes, we dip below it in the back test, but look at where these candles are closing. Clearly, it's a battle for this level. And at the moment, the bulls are winning that battle. So, what I care most about into this coming week are two things. The bounce high, and this goes for all individual names. Our lead bulls have already broken that bounce high. Names like Walmart, whose monthly chart looks just fine. Names like uh some of the quantum names that we're going to look at. Metals and miners, of course, we'll look at those in just a minute. That's where the most glaring example of money is going to these places when the dust settled. But the 4 hour higher lows, we had the bottom 4hour higher low, higher low, higher low, higher low. That's what I care most about. I'm just going to keep marking those knowing we're going to keep bouncing as long as we keep forming those higher lows. And when we lose them on the 4 hour, we're going to zoom out and we're going to say, "Okay, top of the bounce is set. Can the bulls form a daily higher low and then confirm the daily uptrend? You could draw a downtrend resistance line if you want a little bit of a visual guide. I care more about the price levels, but something like that. And it's just one time frame at a time. Bulls got to prove it. They proved it on the 4 hour. They have to prove it on the daily. And then they're going to have to prove it on the weekly. And again, the most important information that I am looking for from here is do we confirm a monthly downtrend? because that is what prolonged the bear in 2022. These these multiple month bounces into bearish continuation. And so, you know, the bounce we we had spy at one point at the high of the bounce after the Trump pump. Uh we were 12% off the low and 12% down from the all-time high. So, that's the big question into April and May. Earning season. Wow, we got a lot going on. Earning season, financial sector just started earnings. We're going to have the big tech names in a couple of weeks, but do we confirm a monthly downtrend? If not, I mean, it's two scenarios here. There's a fork in the road. We're either going threemonth bull flag into new all-time highs. Some people think that's crazy. I'm open to anything at this point. And, you know, plenty of examples through my 14 years that have told me stay open to anything because the thing that most people think won't happen does often happen again. So, either a three-month bull flag to all-time highs or we confirm a monthly downtrend and the top may be in for the year if that happens. We'll talk more about three-month time frame on Thursday. So, same thing for the S&amp;P 500. And again, it's just the 4hour higher lows and the bounce high that I care about. We had the back test and hold of this double top a little bit less clear than the NASDAQ back test and hold. So, I'm watching that NASDAQ closely. I care about the bounce high and I care about the higher lows. That's it until one of those two things breaks and then we'll either zoom out or we'll take it from there. But uh into Monday, the two most important levels and we're right in the middle. Decent close at the end of the day on Friday. And again, we'll see if these weekend headlines are enough for a little bit more follow through to start this week. Semiconductors again weekly still a downtrend. So we can mark our weekly lower high if we care about bigger picture. And you know this is the kind of environment man I have so much to talk about. Last week was a 50 whatever minute video just in terms of how I'm approaching things again sizing down when you know I'm used to Tesla 5% being a pretty volatile day and it's putting in 10% days then you know my average position size I am sizing accordingly and I'm going maybe 60% for my day trading swing you know I'm I'm trying to turn day trades into swing trades in certain regards when we have high fear and I did that with Amazon this week and so we'll just check on that uh but it was essentially just recognizing relative weakness, shifting to relative strength, getting a good position in the 160s, selling some into the bounce. I sold a little in the 184s. And so now what I have left on Amazon, my break even's down around 150. And so that just puts me in complete control of the trade. I can either hold it long term or I can stop out break even. I'll have to make the decision once we head into earnings whether I'm going to hold into earnings or not. I would need to have uh an ample profit cushion still. So, keeping an eye on that. But that's essentially, you know, my game plan for trying to take advantage of fear and utilizing my day trading skill set. I'm on the computer a lot more this week in the last couple of weeks than I generally am, you know, last year, uh, because of this unusual environment. So, that's my approach. Again, longer term horizon, weekly oversold conditions, uh, definitely a spot to be dollar cost averaging. Uh, another thing that stood out real quick, let's talk Apple. wondering if someone was in the know on Apple, but just interesting to see. I've seen this plenty of times, but this is speculation, but it it looks to me like big money takes advantage of low liquidity pre-market, right into the open, and then uses big money. What do I mean by that? This is a 3% drop into the open on Apple. Glaring relative weakness pre-market. This took about 500,000 shares to drop the price 3%. And then in the first two minutes, you get a 1.5 million shares, three times the volume in a candle that only gets half of the move back. So just theoretically speaking, let's just say that's one entity. Obviously, that's not the case, but hey, let's let's throw in, you know, 500,000 shares short and then right when the bell rings, let's cover it all and let's go long. And it was just straight up from there glaring relative strength from the bell onward. You know, 6% off the lows. Now we get a little headline that is potentially bullish for Apple into Monday. We'll see how it reacts, but 7.7% from that flush. Uh so just something that I've seen before and I found it interesting. All right, semiconductors. So weekly downtrend again, 4hour daily inside bars still. So, a little bit weaker because S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ both broke the high of Thursday. And this is just two daily inside bars. Same deal though, you can be on the 4 hour or the hourly. I generally use 4 hour for futures and hourly for individual names. Uh, but we could just be walking up those higher lows as far as what's most important to us. And of course, it's that top as resistance. And even if we do get a bullish reaction to start the week, you know, it is possible because these ranges are so wide if we don't break that bounce top that uh we trade within this range to start the week for a bit. And again, Nvidia, insane volatility for this market cap. But again, you know, you get to crushed RSI levels. Some of these names are put firing off super stacks on the daily. That's why I looked at Amazon. Amazon was a daily super stack. And again, that's when you get all time frames, daily, 12 hour, 4 hour, hourly, 30 minute, 15 minute, 5 minute, all at extremes at the same time. Uh, and that to me is a reason to act. Look at Nvidia. So, daily superst fires that pre-market on that gap down because that's when all of those time frames aligned in extremes. and daily superstacks historically the last couple of years since we have this indicator uh pretty good in terms of at least getting an initial bounce to position. There are plenty of times where it'll then eventually roll over to lower lows maybe a week or two later but at least getting a solid initial bounce to position in. So Nvidia at this point same deal you can walk up the hourly slight relative strength because we broke the high of Thursday. We care about the bounce high as the most important thing. And again, this move is straight off the lows. It's an insane percentage. 33% in three days for one of the largest companies in the world is insane. So, when we top out, what's our daily retracement size on consolidation? Do we pull back enough that we're going to look for a tightening range? Do we see healthy retracement? you know, the 40 45% that then tries to confirm the daily uptrend into bounce continuation. That's what So, I I told you what I care most about on the monthly charts, and that's going to take multiple months. This is what I care most about on the daily charts, and this is going to be what shapes up this coming week. Tesla held support. So, Tesla, it's almost like they got all the ugly out of the way a bit sooner with all the drama, government, Elon, yada yada. So, they didn't drop to a lower low. They double bottomed. You know, the low was 215 in extended hours. We got down to 21425. That's a double bottom. And still sideways right in the middle of this range, but at least a base of support and a wall of resistance to be watching. And I've been trading Tesla a little bit here and there. Day trading more more often than a little bit here and there, but I slow it down, right? I recognize, okay, f I didn't take a trade Friday. That's the first time in weeks. Why? because I recognize a ton of daily inside bars and I can say, okay, this today is likely to give me the least amount of opportunity that I've that we've had in the last week or two. And so if the pie is going to be the smallest in the last week, that means my ability to get my piece of the pie is going to be the most difficult. And so I'm waiting for these inside bars to break on Monday. Again, if it breaks bull, we care about the bounce high. We care about the hourly higher lows. Bulls must confirm the daily uptrend. Financial sector earnings are underway. They started on Friday, but you wouldn't know it based on the daily candle. It's doing the same thing as, you know, SPY and Kikq. So, same deal. Hourly uptrend guide. Top of the bounce is the most important resistance level that we're watching. Bulls must confirm a daily uptrend to put in any kind of meaningful bottom. Again, the monthly chart is still an uptrend. There's no major red flags on this monthly chart and we are you know not even really back testing the previous all-time high zone yet. So again, you know, three month, the more you zoom out, the more fine charts look. But I would say that bigger picture out of the NASDAQ, financial, and healthc care, the financial sector looks uh the best for the bulls. Bigger picture. It's holding it. You know, it doesn't look as bad as the others. We had XLV. We were watching this two-day head and shoulders which confirmed and this was a baby pattern inside a mama pattern where the two-day head and shoulders set the monthly right shoulder of that head and shoulders. That's a pattern we've been watching for four or five months from the last long-term pattern video or one of the last ones. And with that head and shoulders confirming, we now have annual consolidation underway, yearly consolidation for the first time in five years. So that is obviously way more s that's that's the monthly downtrend, right? Does the NASDAQ does the S&amp;P 500 do what the health care sector just did because again my def I I really dislike the definition of the bare market as I said last video bare market 20% down what so a bare market can last one day. They just dumb it down so the herd can understand it but I need time as a factor. long drawn out downtrends, relief bounces where you think it's over, you get the kick to the stomach. That happens in monthly downtrends and so XLV has it. Most other major sectors don't. Onto some smaller names now. Quantum still watching Quantum. I mean, this RGTI had relative strength defending this level. Technically broke it by some pennies. That low was 703. We dropped down to 698, 686. But all things considered, bigger picture, we're definitely defending that support. And we have there was a turkey on my roof. I'm doing this video and nature is going wild out here. I'm looking at 12 turkeys flying around my roof. All right, back to the chart. So, RGTI defending support. Monday is World Quantum Day or something like that. Uh, I don't really know what that entails. Don't care. But we've got the lower highs on the weekly. We've got a tightening range. We know volatility is going to return to quantum in probably May, but definitely watching. And we got a solid bounce here. Again, same thing. Got to confirm the daily uptrend for uh a convincing hold of that support, but it's a battle for seven and we are still holding it for sure. Also watching OQ again, monthly perspective, monthly higher low is the most likely scenario. And then we're going to look for a monthly tightening range. So definitely still watching these names. Again, they're just, as I mentioned last video, I think they're just leveraged versions of the NASDAQ right now. Uh where they'll go up two to three times as much, they'll drop two to three times as much. Definitely relative strength and weakness at certain times. This week they stood out for relative strength multiple times. I think Monday I was highlighting Amazon relative strength and RGTI relative strength. And those are two names that I played the bounce on uh day trading on Monday with that gap down open. GME. Why am I talking about GME? Same deal with regards to number one, relative strength. I mean, look at the week. You wouldn't know anything bad happened this week with the huge Monday gap down that so many things saw. GME was holding on fine. And you know, you got some insider buying. Of course, everybody's always talking about a short squeeze. I don't pay any attention to that because of how many, you know, boy who cries wolf moments we've had over the last few years, couple years, months, whatever. But monthly is tightening up and it's telling us that GME volatility is absolutely coming middle of the year maybe Q3 but monthly trying to defend 1873 support anything under 34 34 you know we can go another 50 no not quite that much 30% and still be in this tightening range I would you know I have no position I want this to get as tight as possible I would love to bounce here you know fail in the low30s pull back keep tightening up get as tight as possible and then look for the break June, July, whenever um for significant trading opportunity. And again, as a tra as a trader, all I'm looking to do is just go volatility. Quantum made my January. Tesla made my February or March, I forget, but uh I know that GME is going to be one of those months coming up uh down the future here into the middle of the year. So paying attention. All right, on to commodities. Lots been going on here as well. Dollar hit the lowest level in years. So weekly bare flag confirmed in a big way and I'm watching, you know, sixmonth time frame. This is the first confirmed sixmonth downtrend for the dollar in many years, over a decade. I'm going to be, you know, I'm drawing some rough trend lines to be keeping an eye on. Not a ton of weight into this, but I'll keep an eye on it every now and again. Again, one for the longer term patterns video, six-month time frame here. But with that weakness in the dollar, the metals have been thriving. Again, when you have fear that is contagious, like last Friday into the Monday gap down, everything drops. Uh that fear permeates everything and correlation strengthens and then as the dust settles, you see where the money is going and you see the relative strength and relative weakness and it was clearly gold. Yes, gold dropped, you know, solid few day drop with the markets. V-shaped recovery ripping to all-time highs. I mean, that's that's a big move for gold in a few days. Four days and we are up almost 10%. That's a lot for gold. So, just blue sky breakout, right? Are we overextended? I mean, in blue sky breakout, that doesn't mean anything really. So, just the weekly uptrend as our guide from here. You know, we know eventually we'll need monthly consolidation again. uh the three-month time frame, stairst step at this point for a year plus. Again, these things are very overextended. But look at last time, right? Three-month RSI just stayed on fire. And that's why overbought RSI means very little in blue sky breakout and oversold RSI means very little at all-time lows. So, I care more about RSI levels when it's with the trend. Again, the back burners, you know, give me a short-term oversold, looking for a longer term, higher low in the trend. Uh, but gold can keep ripping. You know, I've had videos for weeks, weeks ago, people telling me I'm wrong. Gold's topping out. Can't believe you're telling people gold's bullish. But just keep riding the trend and, you know, take some profit into Euphoria. My style is scaling out into Euphoria a little bit and then just walking up a stop. So, if I, let's say, I sell a third of my position into this strength, now I'm just walking up a stop for maybe another third or all of it, whatever, every weekly higher low, just walking it up. the miners. Well, let's go silver first. Silver's recovering, but uh had a little rotation where gold was leading the bounce in a big way. And then Friday, silver played a little catch-up. Uh I'm watching this resistance zone and I had, you know, metal miners were a top play of mine in March and I exited them into weakness, stopping out runners. Again, same thing. I sold some into strength and then stopped out the rest in a decent green trade. We'll look at those in just a moment. But my mindset was, okay, if silver can't break this resistance and double tops and rolls over, I want to lock in my profit to be safe. Then of course, you have the whole scenario that played out with markets and fear, definitely want to be a little bit more protective. The miners just absolute V-shaped recovery. So, you know, I made I've talked a little bit about this to end this past week. I can look at this chart. So again, essentially, you know, I I take some profit. Um, actually it was Thursday, you know, gap down, significant buying. It was very clearly there was buying in the dip there. I said, "Eh, things are looking ugly out there. I want to take a little off." So, I sold into this bounce. And then I just stuck my stop under the low of the day and I stopped out the rest of the trade on Friday. And I could look at this and say, "Oh, I shouldn't have sold. You know, I I'd be I'd have more money right now. I can count how much money, you know, 5,000 extra dollar, whatever it is." And uh I can be down on myself, but I I choose the realistic route. So I was in Jug and uh NUGT, the leveraged versions, and I can look at that chart and say, okay, well, number one, I would have had to have sit through sit through an additional 17% of downside that I protected myself against. I stopped out. They dropped 15 to 18% lower that I wasn't holding. and then they V-shaped bounce and now they're obviously a lot higher than uh where I sold them. But that wasn't your average weekly consolidation. Yes, it's a weekly higher low all things considered. But again, I can I can easily justify my decision to myself and that helps, you know, if if I got down on myself and carry that negativity with me into next trading week and or I try and revenge trade these names or I try and short them because I'm angry that I missed the long and now they're overbought. um that would those would all be negative outcomes. I can be gentle with myself and understand what I was thinking and and say, "Yeah, I mean, give me that scenario again. I'd probably make the same decisions and that keeps me in a positive mindset and it means that this is not going to inhibit my next week of trading or the next day of trading or whatever it is in any way." And that ability, that's a choice of mine. I can choose which mindset I have in response to reflecting upon that trade. And that's a superpower we have as a trader. We can determine when we trade. I said I don't like Friday's trading. I'm not trading today. Uh you know you that's that's very powerful little tools that we have as traders. Tools of the wrong world. It advantages that uh you don't really think about but choosing that positive mindset will lead to me having more money in the future. It it's really just that simple. As we know mindset is everything. Psychology is everything with trading and that's just a little aspect of it. So, congrats to the bulls. It's still on fire. We're going to look for daily higher lows next consolidation. We're going to look for back burners. We're going to look for hourly oversold to mark a daily higher low. Uh I'm not going to look bearish to miners as long as gold is in blue sky breakout. That's essentially like fighting a blue sky bull that I don't want to be doing. Uh so we can clearly say that money was we had a negative impact with fear and correlation for a few days and then money flooded back into gold, silver and miners and they are you know you ask me what is benefiting the most from what's been taking place. Uh that's towards the top of the list. Oil. So oil had a clear twomonth equilibrium bearbreak. We've been watching this for a long time and it followed through in a significant way. That bear break signal was at 6527 and I'm going to adjust let's adjust adjusting the futures chart. That bear break 6137 after a double top failing resistance by a percent or whatever and some decent follow-through. I mean from 61 down to 55 quick 10%. Now it's all about 5309 the low. Uh that's the lowest price we've seen in years. We're defending it initially. And again, how much yearly consolidation are we going to see? The yearly inside bars, multiple of them did just break bare. And so that's keeping me uh a bit I'm I'm stick I'm staying away from energy names because of that oil break. It may end up that they're fine, but a little bit of relative weakness Thursday. They retraced a lot more of Wednesday's bounce than many other names. You know, right now, if you'd say, okay, dust is settling for the week. Where do we stand? Miners metals, energy is is towards the lower end of the weaker side of things. Biotech sector fell apart. I mean, that's a long-term downtrend. Look at the three-month for the biotech sector. Uh, this is definitely one of the the weakest sectors. That said, it is testing the most critical support here. Look at how many times we've held this over the last seven years. So, this is the support zone. Something to keep an eye on. I haven't traded the biotech sector in a long time, but very volatile both directions. Uh, so oil short-term, it's pretty much doing the same thing as the broader market. Again, we're going to look for a daily lower high to be the result of this bounce. What is the bounce retracement? Bulls are hoping 50% plus. But if we don't get there, can we confirm the daily uptrend? That is what we care most about. When the bounce tops out, this goes for everything. When the bounce tops out, what's the daily retracement size? How much of the bounce do we give back? And that helps us determine probabilities of whether we're going to confirm the daily uptrend into weekly bounce bounces getting underway or whether we're going to head back down and revisit those fear lows. Natural gas uh no longer in a position here. Again, target fairly close. I think I said five was my target. We got up to 491. Recognized a bit of a volume climax candle and knew monthly consolidation was coming. And we have it. How do you know it's coming? You just look at the chart and say, "Okay, we've bounced over 100%. Stairstep from the lows for five months. Monthly consolidation should not surprise us in the slightest the next time it happens." So, we keep an eye out for it to be shaping up. and it ended up a rising wedge. This is going to be a rough drawing here, but you'll get the idea. You know, rising wedge breaks bear, rolls over. So, now keeping an eye out for a monthly higher low. I'm way less interested in natural gas. I liked the, you know, riskreward setup back then. Um, but I'm not sure I'm going to make an attempt for a monthly high or low. We'll see. Think that's all I got to talk about. Lot to go over again. We'll talk more long-term patterns on Thursday. Appreciate you listening, liking, following along. Wild times out there. Again, just be protective, right? Number one, we don't want to blow up an account. We don't want to get back too much capital. We want to preserve our capital to be able to take advantage of this volatility. can't suggest enough again trying to sell partial positions to give yourself um breathing room and you know stick a break even stop under the low of the day. I just love doing that and trying to let trades play out and it's a very again it's a more conservative style because I have a smaller position size for when you know a bigger move takes place but it certainly very much limits my uh downside. So for me again the focus this past week day trading Tesla, Amazon, RGTI and this coming week I will be keeping an eye out for daily lower high shorts keeping an eye on weaker names uh and going to be watching mostly the same names really. Yeah, one day at a time, one time frame at a time. Establish your game plan. Write out the lists. Bulls checklist. What do they want to see? confirm another leg up, break the Wednesday high, confirm a daily uptrend. Those are the two most important things for the bulls. Bears, they want to confirm the monthly downtrend. That's longer term. They want to set the daily lower high as soon as possible. They don't they want to defend that high of Wednesday. Uh so that's going to be the most important resistance level the week ahead. All right. Love you. This is so cool. I love nature experiments. So tree falls, hurricane Helen. I chop it up and take all the the logs away, but it's still alive. Look at it pumping out all these new what will be branches. And normally I would think it would die because its roots are exposed, but it's right next to this creek, so it's definitely still going to get plenty of water. That might make it. And those will turn into big shoots that just go straight up the whole way down. And I might just have a new weird tree in my yard. Little goose bribery. I want their babies in my pond. Give him some corn. First little fish feed of the year. Can't feed them over the winter because their metabolisms slow down. Just a little helper.