============================================================
Video: PZh0ujugDHI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Uranium and Quantum Sectors Explode
Date: 2025-09-20
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4945
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:38.733427
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. The bulls continue to melt up after the FOMC reaction with massive breakout sectors. Uranium and quantum putting on a show this past week. The metals are staying strong. There's a lot to check in on from the bull perspective. We're going to keep buying dips as long as it keeps working. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. So, we got a clear daily uptrend in the S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ futures chart, as we've been saying, until the bears confirm a daily downtrend. For the first time in five months, nothing changes. The weakness that we saw on Wednesday into the FOMC was an hourly back burner. We hit hourly oversold. It marked the daily higher low and it was a bull flag into continuation. That is now our shortterm full bull control guide. or you're using daily EMA 12, which has been holding for the last two weeks as well. And as far as a target, we're just looking at psychological numbers at this point. 7,000 on the S&amp;P 500. The NASDAQ will be looking up towards 25,000 and beyond. And again, it's just if you're if you're concerned about euphoria, because there's definitely euphoria out there, you're walking up stops. And for me personally, I made the decision yesterday where uh if the S&amp;P 500 goes 7,000 plus, then I'm going to open up the possibility of scaling out some of my long-term no touch spy positions. And again, I grab those during fear during the CVID dump and then again in 2022. And it will just be, you know, that's an insane enough move that I'm going to sell some and then just wait for the next round of fear before I look to reload. But not even worried about that at the moment. I essentially just set a a level if this breaks that opens up the possibility where I can then potentially act on that position. But otherwise, just riding the bulls as long as they continue to prove it and we continue to see the rotation and the higher lows. And again, you know, this is where you need to shut off your fundamental brain to a certain degree if the fundamental brain is screaming red flags just because price action. You know, the the number one thing that I see with people using fundamentals talking about quantum and uranium, which we're going to talk about in just a moment, you know, some of those stocks have no revenue and are surging thousands of percent. And it's the emotions of the human participants in the market far exceed fundamental valuations. And there's a lot of times where people using fundamentals will get run over thinking that the market's going to act rationally based on their perception and logic when in reality uh that's not how it works. So, all bulls and you know, I've I'm not going to be comfortable looking for long-term swings until it's a monthly higher low. I talked about that a couple weeks ago, but there's still shorter term swings to be looking at. IONQ has been one of them. But, you know, you can look for daily higher lows, not need to have, you know, a twomonth outlook of of how long I'm going to hold this position, but still be playing long. Uh, and that's how I combat, you know, if things feel too euphoric and too overdone, it's just playing the higher lows and and having stops nearby if my thesis is invalidated. So, semiconductors weekly time frame, we built the base of support. Bears failed to break it and we head to another leg up. Daily uptrend is our guide. Big gap up in response to a bunch of stuff. Uh, and the the thing that's been going on with semiconductors is Nvidia has been chilling out. You know, Nvidia is trading sideways in an equilibrium. And while that's going on, other names have stepped up. It was MU that got some significant rotation. And TSM has been a leader as well recently. But NVDA, we'll watch how this equilibrium breaks. High, low, lower, high, higher, low. This is how I'm viewing it. And again, we know the strongest bull markets. That's how it goes. the leader leads the way for a while and then it generally starts trading sideways and then we see rotation into other places and certainly Bitcoin and altcoins that's how that relationship goes and uh we saw it a bit with uranium after CCJ started trading sideways and SMR and OKLO got a big leg up healthcare grinding not really doing much you can see the last month healthcare is sideways bulls want to keep grinding these EMAs and wait for them to cross bull or I should say allow them to cross bull to try and get another leg up. The daily time frame, if anybody's going to confirm a daily downtrend out of our major sectors, it will be healthc care that does it first. You can see multiple daily inside bars to end the week and we've got some supports to be watching. I'm watching this zone and so will the bears confirm the daily downtrend or not? That's definitely one thing I'm watching into this coming week. We know UNH has been a bull, but it's pulling back. Testing daily EMA 12 right now. Wouldn't be surprised to see weekly consolidation here. Again, an inside bar where we close near the low. If that breaks, we'll look for the pullback. We don't really have a convincing weekly uptrend at this point. This was a dinky pivot of, you know, half a percent. So, I'm still viewing this as a move straight up and we will need that clear pivot for the uptrend on the weekly to get going. So, we'll keep an eye on that. But again, if any if any major sector is going to see weekly consolidation this coming week, it would be likely healthcare. The financial sector is still strong. Little bull flag confirmed a new all-time highs this week. It's rising wedgy, but we know that in a blue sky run, rising wedges can break bull and often do. And so, we're just going to stick with the higher lows as our guide. We built a base here. We held it. Now, we have another higher low. So, that's going to be the guide on the way up. As far as the rotation into IWM, IWM still looks fine. I was watching this potential rising wedge just to be aware of it, but I don't really care about it anymore. Now, I just care about the higher lows. And again, still in a swing here for the last few weeks and just watching these higher lows as my guide. Walking a stop up on at least a half position at this point. And so, that stop will be under 236 now. And I'll move it up if we get another higher low. But I was looking for the rotation from semiconductors and NASDAQ into growth. And look at the IWM divided by KQ chart, which helps us see that. Right? This is when we saw a significant rotation. And that's part of what made the initial trade thesis work out. But we've got to see the continuation move. And we had a double top on the FOMC reaction by 0.00001. And that was like, you know, I'm sitting there saying, "Ah, here we go. I'm about to be real right with my thesis. And we reject. And now we've got two inside bars in a row. And so if we break this support, it makes me a lot less interested in IWM long. And if we break resistance, it makes me even more interested in IWM long. And again, when you're in a bullish market environment like this, it's essentially where is my money best suited? What what's going to go up the most obviously? And so just watching IWM or KQ uh and waiting for the answer with how we break from this range. Tesla has been strong as well. I'm watching the 4hour uptrend as a guide here. We've been setting these higher lows and again we're in a back burner market environment. That's what euphoria is. And you know the signals that I've been using are the back burners for entries this past week. Uh, we'll talk about metals and miners and commodities and stuff, but I traded, we'll get back to Tesla in just a second, but traded the back burner, the hourly back burner on GDX just as a day trade, but it was a nice little one there. And then we had uh Tesla on the 15minute. We had the back burner here marking the 4our higher low. Someone else did that as well. I forget which name, but it was 15-minute oversold for the 4 hour higher low. maybe IO NQ but uh those are again you know if things feel extended to me and I'm hesitating to buy the back burners make me much more confident and again it's same thing you know my invalidation point will be nearby but that's what I'm using and we've also got the morning volume surge indicator which lets us know when it's going to be a beast mode morning oftent times and so in the quantum space QBT on Friday had the signal and again it's when the second volume c or not the second but anything but the first volume candle is highest and so the second one there's your signal you know your worst entry on that signal is 1917 and then we just shoot up 15%. Obviously, it doesn't work every single time, but it's a nice high probability momentum indicator. And you know, there's been plenty of big bull surges where that has uh been a nice indication. Um, so morning volume surges and back burners are how I'm playing what feels like an overextended market and just keeping those stops nearby. But Tesla 4hour uptrend is our guide. And as far as the next major resistance zone, we are looking at the top of this current move this past week. We topped out in the 430s. Next one after that would be 439. Just a few levels before that all-time high. That all-time high is still 15% away. We know that's not much for Tesla, but 4 hour. Keep it simple. The bulls have complete control if we keep setting 4hour higher lows. And our last one was 415 using extended hours as well. But if you know, could this be a head and shoulders? Yeah, if we're red on Monday, this is a potential 4hour head and shoulders into more convincing daily consolidation. But again, you know, just walking up stops. I don't have any Tesla at this point, but a bull just walking up stops with the higher lows. All right. So, uranium absolute monster. Okay. Al again, no revenue. Maybe no revenue for years, but that doesn't matter when you've got the narrative, the story, the hype. And so, the narrative has been building on uranium. Remember when Jungle Funk Joey and Red Devil were putting out weekly uranium videos years ago talking about the leadin to this bull market? It's coming to fruition. And OKLO went from like $8 a year ago to now 135. We're up 14,500% in one year. This is a euphoria bull market. Again, I've got a memory of my career of, you know, cannabis a couple times, crypto a couple times, 3D printing back in 2013, and uranium and quantum 2025 is up in the hall of fame of monster euphoria, uh, blue sky breakout markets that can be a lifecher. you know, once in a-lifetime opportunity comes along every couple of years in these markets. And uh that's what's going on with quantum and uranium this year. And so I'm looking for a temporary top. I was actually looking for a potential temporary top on Friday. And you know, one of my rules is don't short a blue sky bull. And I will sometimes do it every now and again. Also keeping in mind that I have a lot of experience. Uh, so I trust myself and I say things to the the general population, you all watching this, which I don't 100% always apply to myself, just like, you know, if if you're teaching someone how to play pingpong or whatever and you've got 15 years of experience and it's someone first few years, you're going to do things a little bit different. You're not going to play like a beginner. Um, so again, it's a rule that I apply 99.9% of the time, but there are a few expect or a few exceptions. And just an example off the top of my head, MSTR, this Euphoria blowoff top with a gap up. I'm always most confident in a blowoff top when there's a gap involved. But I did short it this day uh because of that. And so, you know, maybe I'll short one of these names next week. I have no idea. But back burners will be on the table. You know, OKLO straight up on Friday. I'm sure it had a volume surge. No, it didn't. But uh five minute oversold to look for an hourly higher low. Hourly oversold to look for a daily higher low. Just absolute beast mode. CCJ is a sector leader. It hit a new all-time high. You know, they got headline help. A lot of fundamental backdrop for this move. And this is when CCJ was trading sideways again. It was the lead bull. Look at that monster move up. And then we traded sideways essentially from mid July all the way to midepptember almost two months. And while that was going on again, OKLO put on a show. It traded sideways a bit as well. But then once that equilibrium broke bull huge surge SMR monthly higher low trying to shape up really quickly. Laggered move again just a daily equilibrium. bull break, a non-convincing bull break was Thursday, but followed through in a big way Friday. So, uranium still strong and again CCJ is the bell weather. If CCJ is holding on just fine, then the bulls are just fine. And quantum, I've noticed, you know, oftent times, I probably talked about it before in the videos, but quantum and uranium trade fairly similarly. They have the same theme going of course the thousands of percent but also you know fundamentally quantum is going to need significant energy uranium is the energy of the future uh that may be the tie between the two I don't know but it's it's clear that there you know they run together very often and so NQ and again this is this is the power of blue sky we got the breakout of that monthly cup and handle and talked about grabbing that position last week and if you asked me you know we ended last week at 56. And if you asked me what's the probability we hit 70 next week, meaning this week, I would have said like 8% chance that we're going to go another 30% after we just went straight up in two days, whatever that was, 20 20% or whatever. Anyways, it's it can always go up more than you think. 29% and then we do another 30% on top of that. So, I've been scaling out. I sold some in the 50s, sold some in the 60s. I'm now down to a 25% position. And I'm just going to let it go. And I know I'm going to sit through daily consolidation with this position to try and continue. You know, could we hit a 100? I have no idea. Uh but I'm going to let the trends dictate things because if I were selling just based on, oh, we've, you know, things seem extended, I would have been all out of that position uh long ago. So daily stair step. Again, I'm looking for a top in quantum. We will be looking for hourly oversold to mark daily higher lows. We have tons of space for the daily higher lows. And again, this was the leader move onq, which is the leader of the sector. We then had RGTI make a laggered move. You know, the to end last week, RGTI was also up 25%, but this week RGTI went 52% where NQ only only went 30. And then you had QBT which was a lagger specifically for Friday. You know again last week to end the week in those two days we only went 12%. And then on Friday alone 30%. So again just monster moves in quantum and that's that. QBTS is the other one. Monster move. And again for me it's just I'm just focusing on IO and Q and RTI right now. And that's because I'm watching so many other sectors and things. If I was fully locked into quantum, I'd be watching all four all day. But again, in terms of trading volatility and opportunity, uh, EMA riders, look at RGTI 5m minute EMA 12. You know, where do I get in? This is a fiveminute inside. No, it's not an inside bar, but just barely. So, we hit 2547, we hit 2546. You know, as soon as we break 26, the five minute higher low is set. Your stop is under 2546 and you know, that's an acceptable amount of risk, less than 2% and we end up going almost 10% higher. Yeah, over 10% higher from there. Uh that was one mistake I made on Friday. I was trading our DTI in both directions. you know, got a long looking for the hourly higher low on the morning, got a short looking for a potential top, and then I got a long again for the five minute higher low, but I let that long go too soon because I didn't think we're going to run all day again. Uh, and we did. But the EMA riders, again on our website, if you look up EMA rider, if you look up morning volume surge, there's a video on our indicator page. And if you look up back burners, of course, there's a whole video and a bunch of uh content on that. Those are the three things in a a bull market that you are utilizing to trade the bull market. And you know, we've been watching the EMA riders on gold on the weekly time frame the entire year and it's still holding. And it happens on all the when you're in a strong trending market, it's happening on all these different time frames. And if it's a swing trade, you care about the EMA riders. Again, EMA 12, care about on the daily and the weekly. If it's day trading, you care about on the hourly or the five 15 minute. But, uh, it's it's always great to just say bulls have absolute complete control. The fiveminute EMA 12 is support and then just let it go. Other names. So, again, okay, so now what? I'm not buying I'm not longing quantum until its hourly back burner, daily high or low. I'm not longing uranium. Again, same thing. But there's other places like look at INTC. Big gap up on news. You know, Trump's all about it and then NVDA invests. A daily higher low is the most likely scenario. We have tons of space for it to form. So, I can be scouting this coming week. A daily higher low in INTC. The hourly downtrend is our guide. We're not close to hourly oversold, but watching for that to shape up. What does this remind me of? OCL monster gap up on earnings into some gap fill daily higher low set. We then double bottom at that daily higher low. We held that support by 25 cents and now we have a little equilibrium. This is the 4hour version of it. But why I bring this up is number one that's a nice 4hour equilibrium that's going to break this coming week at some point. But also the daily higher low, you know, we're watching INTC for the same thing. Doesn't it's not going to shape up the same way, but from that daily higher low, we go 9.6%. You're not going to nail the bottom. We close weak at the low, but again, you know, grab half that move, four and a half%, the meat in the middle. Um, so INDC on watch for a daily higher low. And there's a whole bunch of back burners. Open, you know, open's been this low cap, whether it's a meme stock or not, whatever. Uh we hit hourly oversold back burner. Unfortunately, it was in extended hours, but again, that's your best entry point from that pre-market low. We then shot up 29% that day. So, the back burners are firing. Crypto stocks BMNR had a nice week. Still watching for the equilibrium. If we do not break 7174, we're going to keep tightening up. And crypto is one spot that is disappointed. The bulls are disappointed with the response to the FOMC. They didn't really do much. Uh there was some lagard action in this sector as well because we didn't see a a significant FOMC reaction initially, but then you got names like, you know, Riot has been in a decent breakout, but there were laggered moves for these crypto miners. CLSK had a big week and MRA had a big week. Everything's going up. Everything's at all-time highs. Prices are at all-time highs for, you know, groceries and things with the value the the do the value of the devaluing of the dollar. The gold's at all-time highs, the broader markets at all-time highs, uranium. I mean, it's just so many things, you know. Is this an everything bubble? Maybe, but can go for a while. Commodities. As far as cannabis, we're just following the daily down trend. talked about it on the Dales report on Friday. Not going to get into it because uh that's all bears at this point without a catalyst and there's so many bulls out there. That's where my focus is until we get a catalyst. But the dollar has a daily bounce underway. It's still again remember the weekly EMA 12. If that's resistance, the bears have full control. We did break support with no follow-through. So, we may be seeing a shift underway, but keep it simple. Weekly EMA 12 is our guide. gold really strong daily higher low. Well, not really strong, just a standard healthy daily higher low. So, that's now our key support. And when I draw support like this, I say, okay, that's our higher low. But look at this base. And so, I say, okay, it's not just a pinpointed level. It's a zone. We held it here two, three, four, five times. All right, I'm watching the zone, not just the the one little level there. But the all-time high is back in play. We got a daily EMA 12 rider. We got a weekly EMA 12 rider. We know we're going to visit that weekly EMA 12 again at some point before the end of the year most likely, but no sign of it at the moment. Silver already got the bull flag confirming right off EMA2. Very strong and healthy. Again, my exposure in the metals is more so towards silver. The miners have been on absolute fire. Daily higher low off EMA 12. Big surge on Friday. GDX new highs. NEM is the individual name that's been surging here. again just sideways breakout back test and hold and go time and these miners were laggered to this metals move if you zoom out big picture I mean the miners didn't really get going until July 21st candle whereas you know when did gold get going gold was going back in February GDXJ same deal testing resistance not quite there yet but again new higher low level. So if I'm in a swing position, which I'm not. I was a couple months ago. I wish I kept some, but um you're walking up the stops and that's now the most important level. That's your full bull control guide is that new higher low. And we'll see how long bulls can keep running there. Oil's been boring. Still watching this basis support, but just tightening up sideways. Not much going on here. expecting volatility to pick up uh end of this month and into the start of October when this range does break, but not yet. Haven't looked at the energy sector in a while. Chopping around. Not much going on there as well. Natural gas is trying to put in more of a bottom. We did have that double bottom, but we got to confirm a weekly uptrend if that's going to mean anything. This is a weekly bare flag until proven otherwise. Got to hold the low and break that high to see some kind of shift. There have been many times where bare flags confirming with no follow-through have marked bottoms in natural gas. So, that's another thing to be keeping an eye on, but I still personally have no interest in it. And that's it. Establish those game plans. What about the bare side of things? You know, there's some potential bare trades out there. My approach to the markets is I don't focus on bare trades unless I'm swimming with the current of the broader market. If the like 2022, if the broader market is in a clear downtrend on daily and weekly time frames, okay, I will be looking for shorts much more than longs. And I actually had a surprising statistic. I looked at my last two years of trading and I have more shorts than longs. Uh, and they're both very similar in terms of, you know, win rate and things like that. I would have thought that I had, you know, two twothirds of my trades were longs, but it's it's slightly more short than long over the last two years, uh, just with day trading. And I also don't know what that those statistics, you know, if I'm scalping, you know, if I'm buying three short positions and then covering two of them, you know, is that now three trades being logged in when it's really just one trade positioning? I don't know. But Netflix, you know, we're looking for a daily lower high here as the most likely scenario. But again, I'm not going to focus on that until the broader market shows weakness. And as far as being protective, again, you're just walking up stops and you're waiting for, you know, we could have easily said we are way overextended back here. But if we do not confirm the daily downtrend, nothing changes. That's what's keeping me looking in the right direction. And that is going to change eventually. And it won't be right at the top. I keep saying that in all these videos. I'm not gonna nail the top. But by giving in to knowing I'm not going to nail the top, I'm trading with the trend and I'm not fighting it. Uh, and you know, SPY hasn't touched weekly EMA 12 in almost 5 months, 4.75 months. And just looking back, when's the last time that's happened? Oh, yeah, it was October 2023. Same thing. That's when the meltup really got going, but it went 5.75 months without touching weekly EMA 12. So again, this is a meltup. How far can it go? I have no idea. But we have a daily uptrend guide. When we lose it, we're going to scout a weekly higher low. I will be taking note when we do confirm the first daily downtrend in five months. But until then, let's see what bulls can keep doing. You know, seasonality. The statistic is the low of October, whatever the lowest price hit in October is for the NASDAQ, we close higher than that by the end of the year thanks to the Santa Claus rally, uh something like 85% of the time the last few decades. So seasonality is in favor of the Bulls as well into the end of the year, one day at a time. Establish those game plans. Again, I put out, you know, messages on my Facebook for people uh just to give them a little bit of help. And, you know, people were talking calling me about buying here. Nope. Wait for fear. Posted here. Now's here's the fear. Now's the time to perhaps start scaling in. Uh and you know, when am I going to give the euphoria heads up again? break 700 on spy and I'm gonna say, "Hey, maybe it's time to think about trimming some positions and have some cash for the next round of fear," whenever that is. Uh, so really just that psychological, no, another 5% psychological 700 uh will will have me give that heads up. All right, do good things. Appreciate you watching. I don't have any videos here for the end of the video, so just close your eyes and imagine some animals.