============================================================
Video: me7qGGuCtjg
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Battle Between Key Structures
Date: 2025-04-20
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8162
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:46.708036
============================================================

As anticipated, the market spent the entire week balancing within the prior week's range, failing to find acceptance within the overhead supply, but notably also holding over local daily demand to stay within the upper half, upper third of the prior week's range. So, uh, is the failure to find acceptance within supply a red flag for the buyers? Um, or are they positioned well to continue to create change on the daily time frame? Uh my name is Lamont. Been a full-time trader for eight years now. Part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our swing report in the futures room. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So, um let's get into it here. Okay, so starting off with SPY. If you recall what we were talking about last week was given the range of the um prior week's candle, we can just zoom out to the weekly. So given the size of the uh prior week, we were anticipating the potential for us to see some further balance this week, which is which is what what shook out. And we were looking for that balance to uh be under this guy and over this guy. And as long as we are under this guy and over this guy, there's not really any meaningful change yet on the daily time frame. So, the notable shift is that the buyers are currently still finding acceptance over this local daily demand, which hasn't really been the case since back here in January when they broke over this structure, held over here. So, all of this uh balance was holding over all of this demand over here. And then obviously, we've um sold off since there. And you could make the argument that like this little 4-day range over here is kind of holding over here. But I'm just viewing all this as one um uh one one area of sideways trade pretty much a proxy for the July 2024 high, right? Because this guy is sitting pretty much right on top of the July 2024 high. Like right on it, not on top, but just on it. Um all right. So what what should we care about? First things first, this is a bit of a red flag, right? for the high of the week to only get up to uh 54428 and not be able to test 546.87 again is is a bit of a red flag. You can see that this is where the sellers uh initially held their um made a stand and then again the high of the uh tariff suspension also pretty much right there at the lows of this supply. Right? So basically this breakdown from April 3rd is not being negated without acceptance back over 546.87 which isn't the case right now. That is a red flag for the buyers. As of right now the sellers are going to be very confident as long as there's overhead supply here because as long as you have supply and breakdown and supply and breakdown, then we're doing just fine. Once these buyers can hold over an area of daily demand as they are right now and take out a a prior area of supply. Okay, now we can say these buyers are going back on offense. Okay, so as of right now, technically sellers still doing what they have to do, playing defense. So remember, we're looking for this potential monthly higher low. Well, it's technically like a quarterly higher low to be set. And so we want to know, okay, well, is that low uh is that quarterly higher low being set? The odds of that being set are going to increase if we can find acceptance over the point of control of this daily supply at 560.76 which would of course also keep these buyers position well for the potential to uh affirm the breakout over the July 2024 high back in September. So remember what we were looking out for on the way down. On the way down, we were looking out for this guy over here to potentially hold price, right? because holding over this bell over here would affirm all of this all of this as demand. And so even though we traded through it, which was obviously a bit of a red flag, now you can see what the buyers are trying to get done is to find their footing again and and find support off of this structure again over here. So they want to get something done like this again or like this again which is currently what is happening right now because although the sellers did break back below the daily no change level. So they're trying they tried to negate this breakout uh twice last week they didn't find a lot of acceptance under 52587 and this was a notable failure for these sellers to not get down to the point of control at 51890. That's the point of control of this guy over here which again was very reactive here and here. Um I know that this pierced it here, but you you have two uh sessions where the low was essentially drop and pops beyond the point of control affirming that structural significance. Right? So these were the steps that we were looking out for on the way down to potentially hold price. These are our key references. And even though they were taken out, they still remain key references because if these buyers want to get back on offense, they need to hook back up on these areas where they fail, right? It's like that um rock climbing analogy, right? where you know you you climb, you set those like safety hooks. I still don't know what they're called. You set those safety hooks and then if you fall down and those safety hooks start coming out. Okay, that's problematic. But if you don't hit the ground and for whatever reason that didn't shake you enough that such that you rethought your life and just went down and didn't want to climb this rock wall anymore. If you continue to press the events, what are you going to do? Right? You're going to go back up and try to hook back into those same places, but ideally uh a little bit better, right? Ideally, you'll, you know, you'll use whatever, again, I don't know what they're called, but whatever safety mechanism that is. Um, make sure it's in there real good. And then stally forth, right? What else can you do? It's like, it's like a like an invading force, right? An invading force. It takes out an area, consolidates their gains, fortifies that area, presses the advance, etc. And then when you have the counterattack, if they take out your fortified areas, but then they don't eliminate you, okay, what are you going to do? You got to get right back to the battle, right? and recapture that area, recapture that objective and continue to press forward. That's just this constant back and forth. No different than like a basketball game or whatever, any kind of sports game where you're just going back and forth over and over again. That's what the market is, a two-way auction. So anyway, um that's pretty much it. There's a lot of space for a daily higher low over 481.80. Anything over that is going to be good for that daily higher low. And again, the key downside reference that we're looking out for next week, 51890. The key upside reference is going to be 542, rather 54687. and then 560 um 76. I don't think we had any uh trade zones set up, right? Well, that's the old one. And then we were saying this is still very reasonable. Like retest of this area still very much on the table. Like the best case scenario is of course when you you don't even get a retest of it, right? Like over here you you you fail to come and touch down on it. And then over here as well, you fail to come and touch down on it. So that's obviously the best case scenario, but there are often times when like you'll get a low gets hammered in over many many sessions where that prior high is back tested many times, even like something similar to this. So I wouldn't be surprised if we revisit this area. And if we do revisit this area, well then we should still be interested in looking for bias off of here because if you don't find acceptance under this guy, then this breakout over the 2022 high continues to be affirmed. We could be looking at a situation where the market trades sideways for some time would not be unreasonable at all especially because there's just a lot of uh uncertainty let's call it right now there's a lot of fear uncertainty um and doubt right now right you know however you know however you want to look at the current state of affairs for like the trade wars uh potential trade wars I guess they're technically already waring um you know wherever you stand politically it's kind of hard to argue with the economics of it. You know, like the our humanity strength is in our network, right? It's kind of like a computers, right? A computer, a single computer, like a single person very capable, right? It can you can do a lot with it. But if you hook that computer up to the internet, you can do a lot more. It's the same with people. Our our strength has always been our intelligence. Yes. But what we do with our intelligence and our ability to share our intelligence network together um that's really where humanity's strength becomes exponential you know so um you know however however you want to cut it uh inhibiting this flow inhibiting our network right our ability to network is you know historically just not good for for economies and then you know obviously um uh weak economies or or inhibited econom economies uh translates into you know less uh returns in equities you know and so if you've read that Lawrence McDonald book like what's happening right now it definitely kind of affirms his thesis where you know he posited that um the tech sector was way too heavily and that materials because there's like a shortage in materials um and there's going to be increased demand for materials right if we want to continue to develop our technology well that demands materials right like if people still on, you know, whatever, building out data centers or, you know, getting batteries or for, you know, cars or whatever. Um, that all demands materials. So, um, you know, if you're you're if you've read his book, how to listen when markets speak or whatever, and and you're uh of that idea or whatever, you subscribe to that idea, then what's happening right now like in the trade wars kind of affirms that. So, something to be mindful of. uh you know a lot of talk about you know sagflation or whatever which it could certainly happen. We shall see. Um anyway so I still maintain that this is a reasonable trade zone in in my opinion for uh buys and then this was the old sell. It's it is still reasonable to recycle this cell, but um obviously it's already followed through well and I would be a little bit more hesitant honestly to just come into this if we higher low and higher high here. If we do have extension and look for for like uh you know like rolling back under plays, pass back under plays, I do think that's reasonable. I would be a little bit more um cautious with it though. I you know wait for there to be extension and whatnot. Um all right, so that's pretty much it for the spy. Moving on to the Q's. uh Q's very similar right where again we were looking for potential for the market to balance under the key supply over local demand and that's exactly what's happened right again this is just a matter of you know like it's it's just a matter of what the market does like market dynamics is just that market trend and balance and it spends most of the time balancing so you know the fact that you are you you pop back over a demand zone and then but are still under a supply zone you know, it would be very impressive for the buyers to just drill or to like rip right through an area of supply. So, what is more likely is that you see a battle between these two areas because this is an area that was fortified by sellers and this is an area that was fortified by buyers. And so, again, spending some time between these two areas to figure out, you know, what the resolution is going to be is very, very reasonable. So, you know, again, markets can only balance and trend. So, after it's trended for a while, it's going to balance. This was clearly a big old uh short-term trend and so now we are balancing uh not not surprising. It's basically a daily higher low over 402.39. Anything over that is going to be good for a daily higher low. Next week we got to break over 447.75 in order to set that daily higher low at 437.76. And what we care about primarily for the upside reference is going to be 47868, the point of control of the key daily overhead supply. And then our key downside reference is going to be 43849. So you can see how this is the same structure like equivalent structure right this guy over here and the spy which was sitting on top of this weekly demand. It was a notable failure to come down to the point of control over here. Um for the cues this is its equivalent structure. This guy is sitting on top of uh weekly demand over here. It was reactive over here. It was reactive over here. And again, it's coming back into play because for the same exact concept, these buyers, if they want to start negating the change from this breakdown, they have to start hooking back up, we're on to these reference points, right? This is obviously a very key reference point. And it's affirmed too by the local structure, right? Because over here, okay, well, what's happened? We care about can these uh buyers hold over the breakout point 443.14. If they can, then this breakout on the April 9th uh uh session is continuing to be affirmed, but we don't really create any meaningful change. the buyers don't really create any meaningful change without acceptance over 45733 and then 47868 in to flip this uh supply into demand. Okay, I don't I don't think they had anything going on here as well. No, if we do move higher high uh next week, it is reasonable to be looking for sells off of this structure here. And um that's really that's really it. Same theio looking for a quarterly uh higher low and there was relative weakness in the cues in that it did you know touch down on this 2021 high whereas the spy uh didn't do so. Okay, so that's pretty notable. And then moving on here to the rut. So the rut is very interesting. The rut is still showing you relative weakness on the daily time frame, right? Because if you compare it to the Q's, compare it to the um spy, of course, it it didn't really have a meaningful breakout over a local daily range like we did over here and we did over here in the uh ES and the NQ. So the rut is showing relative weakness on the daily time frame, but from session to session perspective, it's starting to show us some relative strength, which is notable, right? Because again, this is the these are the risk on assets. So if the risk on assets are starting to see some relative strength that would suggest that you know there there's risk appetite is increasing. So the relative strength in the rut would affirm the notion that the market is potentially trying to climb that wall of worry. So I if that scenario is going to shake out and the market is going to climb this wall of worry a few things should happen. um headlines like when the headlines drop that have been perceived as very bearish before, if they don't really see a strong reaction and they don't take out prior breakout points, that will continue to increase the potential that we're looking at the climbing a wall of worry scenario. very similar to what happened back in 20 like during the first Trump presidency when there were all those tweets about like Chinese trade war stuff or whatever and the market would react for like you know a few hours or whatever but then it would get bid right back up again and it would float back up. That's like the wall of worry um scenario. Same dealio with like coming off of the COVID low you know lots of worries, lots of headlines uh about jobs or whatever. like freaking every week there was an article about like the jobs numbers or whatever and so and and inflation coming out of the COVID low and yet the market just continued to grind higher. Obviously that was uh you know obviously the Fed printer was going burr at that point. So that was a huge part of it. But that's the concept of climbing the wall of worry, right? We just want to see, okay, well, how is the market reacting to news that should be perceived bearish? And also, are is it taking out key breakout points? Right? This is really the key. Is it creating are are the sellers creating change to the downside? If that if not and bad news keeps dropping, then we're looking at that climbing the wall of worry scenario. Um anyway, so this is notable to me, right? You can see how these four sessions, these four sessions compared to these four sessions, the um RTY buyers held on much better. Uh and that's notable especially considering that these are very notable rejections. Particularly this one is a very notable rejection uh from this 2020 structure over here. That's this guy. Let me kill these. That's this guy over here, which is what made these lows um in this balance area over here. And then if we comb back come back into more recent history, it's where we made all those plays last year in the rut looking for some uh relative strength to potentially rotate into the small caps if we were going to start getting a rate cut environment which obviously didn't shake out but is what it is. Um so anyway, this is notable, right, that the sellers rejected from this key structure but then didn't really see that much acceptance. I was a seller in the rut for like two or three sessions, four, two, three sessions. Um, looking for that potential rotation, looking for this rejection here to, you know, potentially come back down here, which if you recall was a play that I was looking for in prior weeks, which shook out um, without me. So, just looking for that same thing. And obviously, it's not, it hasn't gone so well. Those are all profitable. No, the last session was not profitable. The week was good, but you know, again, it's not doing what you would expect the market to do when you're looking at this balance with such a clear reference, right? This is such a clear reference. This is such a clear reference over here. If not acceptance over this guy, we should come rotate down to here, right? And so, as of right now, the the buyers are doing a really good job of preventing that. They they should be looking for further daily rotation as long as you're under here. So, this is very notable to me. And this daily higher low has already been set here at 182.56. So if next week these buyers can find acceptance over 1 190.43 and more importantly 195.49 again this would be a very notable shift right they would be the first ones then to um flip I if they can to flip this fella into um demand. So if that happens and we continue to see some relative strength in the rut that would be notable. You know I think equities will probably see some relief if the rut continues to show some relative strength here. Okay. Um, so that's pretty much it. I don't don't think we have anything going on here for trade. I think I do think that's still reasonable. Or is it this? That one's already passed. Um, I do think that's still reasonable. Just playing off of local supply. And you can be doing the opposite as well, right? So it's like it's pretty much like uh I think Bitcoin, right? I think Bitcoin is a similar situation where we're just pretty much looking for balance plays, right? Like over this key structure, under this key structure. Very reasonable. All right. Um, all right. So, moving on to the Dow here. So, for the Dow, um, came into our trade zone and is, you know, pulling away from it. So, I at this point, because there's so much space for a daily higher low over 366.32, I would recommend chopping this position up, right? A lot of space for these buyers to potentially defend with a higher low. Chop that position up. Pull any bids for higher. Walk your stop down to over this high. If you stop out, no biggie. Um that would essentially be a chop and stop unless we see some crazy gap up on uh Monday which you know I don't really see any reason for that but it is still Friday so you never really know right with the increased headline risk these days for a daily lower high as well under 48 408.02 and again what we care primarily about is going to be this breakdown point under 411.44 got to get back over 411.4 for to negate the breakdown from the April 3rd session. Technically, we should have this daily no change with Ver and this should just be a yellow ray. Um because this breakout's being affirmed as long as you're holding over 396.65. So, in that regard, the the the Dow is actually showing you a lot of relative weakness, right? They the sellers in the Dow have the most acceptance under 39665 with the entire session on on uh Thursday, you know, finding acceptance under it. Again, that did not happen in the uh SPY. that did not happen in the cues. Uh that only really happened in the Dow. So just be uh mindful of that. I guess if you're a buyer in the Dow, if we do enter a stagflation environment, then you know material should do better. I guess industrial should be durable. Um gold should be okay like commodities should because those are you know always in demand and um tech tech should should kind of suffer. So if that's going to be the case then the Dow is likely to start showing relative weakness compared to um or rather the ENQ should show the most weakness but the Dow is also composed of a lot of tech names. So um just be mindful of that if you've been you know a a bull buyer in the Dow for some time. Uh just be mindful of that potential shift in the bigger picture. Um all right so that's pretty much it. We care for the downside reference. We still are watching just this guy over here which is uh the 2021 high and again we did touch down on that with a lot of space for a higher low. So I don't hate this for a buy. I could have swore we had Okay. Yeah, that makes this is again very reasonable trade zone in my opinion uh for both the sellers and the um buyers. So moving on now to the dollar. And the dollar is this is honestly super notable. I think there was some news on the other day where I think like China's um I don't know what they call it. It's like Swift, it's their version of Swift, I think, processed more transactions than Swift did for the first time ever. Um that's a little concerning, right? Because uh the the dollar being the global reserve currency has obviously been very advantageous for uh America, Americans. Um but at the same time, you know, you zoom out and you look at the dollar and it's really just been chopping around forever anyway. So, I wouldn't be too surprised if this would be the time to break down uh from this big old balance, but we're very extended right now on the shorter terms, right? Daily, weekly are pretty extended. So, I wouldn't be surprised if we do lower low here to not see some followrough. So, if that's going to be the case and you're looking for another trade similar to this one, you can wait for there to be like a like a little lower low here that lacks followrough, ideally like a pop down under. Then, if you see a big old strong reaction over 99.80, 80 looking for a higher low play here to try to play to here again. I think would be pretty reasonable. But this is pretty much do or die time for these um dollar buyers. They don't want to lose the uh this fella as support. And they're they really are flirting with it here. You can see how this daily lower high was essentially just the top and drop over um this point of control, right? This is problematic for these buyers to not be able to hold over 99.80. Now you're just kind of grinding the value low. So sellers are positioned well to press the issue here. And even if these buyers were to rally, you know, if you can't get back over 10 0.975, you don't even negate the change of this most recent breakdown. So these dollar buyer is not looking so hot right now. Um, all right. So that's pretty much it for the dollar. I'm not really interested in looking for a sell here. Like the the range is so clear that yes, you could a sell in the middle of the range could work, but you know, I don't I don't I don't care to do set up trades that could work. I only like to set up trades that should work. Um, all right. So the MVDA setup uh remember came into our target I mean came into our trade zone already surpassed the target. So, you know, recommended peeling those positions and walking your stop up to this local low. Again, if there's going to be this stackflation, then, you know, I do think that MVDA is likely to take a pretty decent hit here because, um, I mean, you know, they're like the face of AI hardware. And, uh, if we're going to stack, then, you know, it development is certainly in question and AI has entered periods of winters before. Now, that being said, I'm still I I'm still very bullish MVDA long long term, right? I just don't see how they, you know, it's kind of like Google, right? Like Google was never going to be disrupted by another search engine. That's how dominant they were. They were like more likely to be disrupted by a new technology like AI, right? Like instead of googling stuff, people more often now just ask AI. NVDA is in a similar boat, right? Like they're not they're very unlikely to be disrupted by another chip manufacturer. it's more likely that they are going to be disrupted by a new technology like quantum or whatnot but that's likely very far down and if you look at you know patents that are coming through now there's like record high patents coming through from the scientific community because they are applying their AI systems to you know attempt to solve difficult problems you like if you think about like avancgard um research right now in like genomics or robotics or you know even pharmaceutical icals, right? Like there's a lot of challenging problems that you if you're applying human sweat equity to it takes a really long time and it's facilitated by AI. So I I'm still very bullish the uh stock longterm. Um and you know I do think that you're this trade zone is still very reasonable but it would definitely be a red flag to start finding acceptance under 89.88 88 because if you zoom out the next area, you know, if you trade through this structure, the next area where there's any amount of reasonable uh acceptance or value here, you can see how thin it is up here, it's back at 50 bucks. So, that's another 50% haircut from here. I wouldn't be surprised. Um it would not be surprising to me at all. Like NVDA has done this tons of times, you know, it just kind of gets overhyped. This is a 60% decline. This one here is a 70% um decline. I wouldn't be surprised if um we have a a test of this guy in in in the you know books. So you know manage those positions right? If you do happen to stop out of this guy that should be a profitable chop and stop. So just stop it out and then we'll look to reset and see what happens. If we do drill down under here and then don't make our way back down here and then we start creating some basing. Okay. Then we can look for a you know a back test of a daily demand zone to look to play back up to here. But for now, it's still just all about this guy right now. Okay. Um, so that's pretty much it. I I I I continue to maintain this is a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. The more often we do test this area, I think it's less likely it continues to hold, right? Because every single time you come at test an area of demand, you're using up some buying power. So, if you use up that buying power and then you don't make higher highs, like we didn't we didn't really make a higher high here after holding this area. This is like a area of local supply that rejected price. I guess you could argue that we did take out this area of supply, but um you know, it didn't really make a higher high over this swing high. Like if you look on the weekly time frame, for example, right? We didn't make a new swing high on the weekly yet. So to bounce here and then roll over again, that would be a bit of a red flag for these buyers that are playing off of um this key demand zone. So just be mindful of that. Um that's really it. And then for Bitcoin, so Bitcoin came into our uh came into our sell target, sell trade zone. Uh did not get to the uh final target. Came a little bit shy, which was of course very notable. Um but you should be fine there if you're a seller already. Chopped it up. Stops over there. And now you know this is same dealio. You can walk your stop up, pull any bit lower. It's gotten to our target as well to the buy side. Um so again, this is just this just what the market does, right? The market balances and trends. That's it. So right now it's balancing and if it's balancing then you just want to look up or rather determine where the two key structures are that's containing all of this balance. And so of course it's this guy as our demand zone. This is our supply zone. And as long as the there is no acceptance over our supply zone, no acceptance under our demand zone, we should be looking for a responsive trade um between those two structures. So that is that's why we have these trade zone set up as such. And at this point now if you use this trade zone for the buy, you should be chopping it up pulling a bit slower. Throw your stop over here. If he stops you out, that's fine. It'll be a profitable stop and we'll look to um reassess the situation. Um that's really it for the for Bitcoin. I don't really care about anything. If there's not acceptance over 89541.25 or under 72082.40, then there's just really no change at Bitcoin. So that's really it. And then for Ethereum, I still maintain this is a very reasonable trade zone, right? We're back in this structure over here. As long as we're finding acceptance in here, these sellers should be trying to make their way back down to where all this value was established over here. And technically already did come and just kind of miss touching down on it just ever so slightly. But this is all overhead supply as well now. So if these buyers do make their way up here, they're probably looking for like a weekly lower high play essentially here or a weekly higher high that doesn't see fallrough because there's all this supply over here. I I would not be surprised by that. And so I'd still maintain that this is a very reasonable um trade zone for Ethereum. And essentially, you'd be looking for a potential monthly lower high with an inability to get back over here. That's pretty much it. Just a rejection from the prior low for potential monthly lower high. All right. And then finally for URA, so URA testing the uh trade zone for the sell. And you can you can see exactly you know what we're talking about all the time where the sellers are taking a stand where exactly where you would expect them to right where because well this is a major point of control 2 3.13 is the point of control of this guy over here which is sitting on top of all this demand. It was affirmed over here its significance was affirmed over here and over here and then again over here and now even right now multiple pop and drops over that key structure. So, still a very reasonable trade zone in my opinion. Looking for a potential weekly lower high under 25.78. It's pretty similar to Ethereum, honestly. All right. Where Ethereum is also in this big ass oops big old EQ, big old EQ over here. And um yeah, and uh yeah, not really finding acceptance within this big old area of supply would be um notable, right? And that's would not be surprising at all. If you don't find acceptance within this big old supply, then these sellers should be trying to make their way down to this guy which has been supportive of all of this chop, you know. So again, it's it's very similar to like Bitcoin as well. It's just looking for responsive trade. Um, so that's it. That is it for a trade review. You know, a few things stuck out to me uh last week. I I I fumbled a a pair trade um on Thursday. Uh yeah, I fumbled the pair pair trade on Thursday. So, you know, I don't really know how much more we can talk about that or how much we need to talk about that. It's the same old thing. You know, I just kind of got myopic again. I I t It's funny because I talked about the the buy on on Thursday, but I lost sight of it hitting the cell because that was what was presented um in front of me. But um yeah, I guess you know like that not I don't know for me not really a big key idea for me the biggest thing like that was my biggest error this week but for me the the biggest thing that stands out to me last week is just affirmation of what we've been talking about already. It's been kind of a tricky market for um like shorter term swing trades like you know day with day few days to a few weeks of swing trading. There's just been a lot of back and forth in the market ever since it started you know chopping around. So what's standing out to me is that just playing to targets at least for the daytime frame stuff just playing to targets and not looking to get any home runs here has been very advantageous. just playing to the targets and then you know uh being done with uh the session and so I would say that that's really what stood out um the most to me and and on Friday I actually didn't do that or at least I was I was playing for further target and that was was actually uh not mistake per se but it it did lead to the day being red because on on Thursday it was on Thursday not Friday on Thursday I did have two uh stopouts before a successful trade and those two stopouts were were bigger. Monday's and Wednesday's sub trades, those were those were fine. But um anyway, I can just walk you through it. So, uh for the Monday sell, I only had a few minutes like I I had to I had an appointment. So, I had to um I had to make to get something done either early or just do nothing at all. So, I just say, "Hey, like I'm okay with no um activity at all. I only have a little bit of time." So, I just say, "Okay, well, I uh I was originally looking for a pass back over the open play, looking to play to the OH because we had a gap up open. Um uh let's see here. Yeah, we had a gap up open here, but there was too much risk uh relative to I'll just show you like for the ES and the NQ here. What facial massager um on let's see here on Monday? Oh, that was here. So on Monday we we drilled down like this and the overnight high was you know somewhere above here but we had already moved so low that buying a move back over the open would not have been good R to try to play to the O. So I just right away veto that because again I know I don't have time. So I don't want to um yeah I just need to trade whatever is in front of me and then if it doesn't stick then whatever just move on. So, um, instead of going for the buy, I was thinking, okay, well, if it's too much risk to go for the buy, then I guess I'll play for gap fill, right? But if I'm going to play for gap fill, then I would prefer to be playing in the relatively weak name. And the rut, as you I'm sure you've noticed by now for based on all these reviews, um, the last few weeks, I've really been focusing on on sells in the rut. And this week, even though you did have some relative strength coming in from a session to session perspective, the sales were still pretty forgiving. So, um I just ended up selling the rut on the uh pass back under um pass back under the open, I think, right? Uh yeah, so the a rut on the pass back under the open. So, we moved over the open, sold it, and I was just looking to come back down to the lows of this consolidation zone over here. So, this guy over here, and then looking to play to uh the breakout from the prior session. So, that was all that was. I don't really care to spend that much time on it, honestly. I was just looking out whatever. It's it's it is what it is. It's It was just a cell looking for the gap fill. And that was that worked out quite well because it was pretty much a straight shot down to the gap fill. Um gap fill was down to here. And then uh you'll notice that hang on a second here. I think this is worth mentioning that the initial balance is right off of the gap fill, you know? So, this is exactly what I'm talking about regarding playing the targets, right? Like I know that there was obviously more followthrough a little bit more followthrough in the in later on in the session but you know to where you know to to to hold on to that well I didn't have time for anyway but you would have had to sit through uh let's see another almost three hours two and a half hours for the potential to see that you'd swept through all of this and you know who knows if you would have gotten this exit. a reasonable exit for sure, right? Essentially targeting the lows of this consolidation structure, it definitely was a reasonable target, but you know, again, just getting those base hits, those doubles, maybe a triple or whatever, has been much better from like a like a energy perspective as well, not necessarily P&amp;L maybe, but um from when you consider the value of your time and your energy, it's been an easy choice in my opinion. And then for Wednesday, I hit another sale. um sold the RTY one minute uh stair step. That was on Wednesday over here. Um I didn't do anything Tuesday. I forget why. And then on Wednesday, I just sold this move over here. This was just a sell because we we one minute stairstepped up into test the prior day's point of control and failed to test the point of control. Instead, essentially a pop and drop at the low of this structure, which was kind of like a proxy for the prior session's point of control. So, I just sold that. Um chopped it up. I forget. It was like a meme exit. Chopped it up. Looking for a chop above the regular trading hours low first. So that was just above here. Um and then or yesterday's regular trading hours low, I should say. So that was just here. This guy over here just chop it up. And then I took another chop at a meme exit. 880.88 is just lucky in the Chinese culture. So I like to it's like just a kind of joke, I guess. Um but you know, it's a reasonable target as well because I was looking for another exit um above the low of the day. So okay, I just see the low of the day. I'm thinking, all right, well, I want to aim somewhere around there. 880.8 was a little bit above it and it's lucky. So, that was it. And then I walked the stop um looking for the onl exit and then I just stopped it out, which was it was a profitable stop. I forget. Uh walked Let me see here. Walked it to above the lows of yesterday. Oh, so that was just over here. So, here's the end of the day um balance. I'm sorry. Here's the end of the day balance. So, I just walked the stop up to there down to there instead of over here. And then I just stopped it. It was no problem. I'm sorry. It was actually this. it was over here. Um, and that was fine. A profitable stop. And then Thursday sell, I don't Oh, man. The picture's small. Whatever. It It doesn't really matter. I'll just walk you through it. The The Thursday uh Yeah, Thursday sell was just the um the first I just saw the passback under the open because that Let's see. Sold second pass back under the Y pock. Okay. Okay. So, it was here. So, I sold the second pass back under the yesterday's point of control which was here. Stopped it out and then uh made another attempt I believe. Yeah, I made another attempt at the same exact play I think over here. Stopped it out again. So, those were the two stops and then one more at the stair step over the development value area high which was over here. Sold that stop over here. Chopped it. Uh, another chop I believe at the open. Uh, chopped it and then looking for more about 877.6 the prior high. So that's this guy. So chop at the diva I think or the deep the deep chop over here and then I stopped out the rest later. And um I was looking for the potential of the rotation back down to the lows of the range. Like I was thinking, okay, this could potentially come all the way back down here because we are still balancing over here, which is why I didn't exit at the overnight low. If I had more contracts on, I would have exited at the overnight low. And again, that kind of affirms this idea of just like playing to those short targets right now. And this is this has been true for swing swing trades as well. Admittedly, I've not done so well with swing trades. Um for um uh personal stuff has been more or less fine. Selling cash occur puts um buying in the long-term accounts and then trimming it in strength. That's been going fine. But like for intermediate short-term uh swing trades has been kind of tricky. you know, I'm still uh still just kind of biting my time here, waiting for the market to become easier because I also recognize that you don't have to capture all of these trades. Like, you know, maybe two or three trades from last year uh for the swing port trades pretty much made like at least for me was like 80% or so of of the gains for the entire year. So, you know, that a big part of trading is just knowing when to go hard and when to pump the brakes. So right now at least um I'm still kind of pumping these breaks. So again that goes into this idea of just playing to these targets, not looking for home runs and just getting trying to get on base regularly. And um that is that's really it. So if you are interested in uh trading alongside a group of full-time traders, um we hang out in the futures room every day. We have fun, support each other, and share our insights. Check out the chart guys links in the description below if you're interested in the swing report which is essentially me trying to get like essentially trying to offer an advisory that's very similar to what people join the chat room for if you are interested in the stream like our morning streams that we do where people do ticket requests and we set up trade zones for them. It's essentially what this ring report is. I'm trying to show you the process, hit you with some trade zones so that you can structure your trades uh around those levels around these with these concepts. Um and also any trade that I take uh we'll do live updates for. Any trade that Dan takes he'll do live updates for. You get an update from Dan every week as well. Get his, you know, um perspective on the market. Then check out the swing report links in the description below. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, would appreciate that very much. Otherwise, appreciate y'all sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see y'all next time.