============================================================
Video: bf7TEtG_lXc
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Healthy Balance or Head and Shoulders?
Date: 2025-11-16
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9483
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:39.199845
============================================================

Sellers rejected price from the all-time high supply, but buyers continue to defend against the point of control of key daily demand and they maintain control of the higher time frames. So, can sellers finally punch it through daily demand to go on the offensive? Or will buyers just keep chugging along? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team, where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we'll go over all of that and more. So, let's get into it. All right. So, starting off with SPY. We're continuing to watch this fella. Um because this guy over here, this is where the sellers attempted to reject from the prior all-time high structure and they could not. They got caught up at this demand zone over here. They initially defended it over here and really a bit over here as well. But then this fellow flips into demand when you when the buyers were able to defend its point of control over here. Since then, the buyers have attempted to defend it again, right? They try to hold the high. They try to hold this high here. Let me just get rid of some of these arrows here. They try to hold this high over here, right? On this move lower and failed. And then eventually what happens is this demand zone from 1010 to 1017 supports price again. Makes us uh brings us all the way back up to the current all-time high supply. Last week, these buyers failed to hold above it. And then now at the end of the week, a very notable failure for these sellers to not touch down on this key level 663.01, just like they failed to touch down over here. It's um suggestive of weak selling in the moment. We can't really, you know, make too many predictions off of we shouldn't make any predictions off of it. We should just call it exactly for what it is. In this moment, it's a failure. Just like in this moment, it was a failure. It was a good start from these buyers. But what we need and even this one was a drop and pop. But what we needed to see continuing on was affirmation of that hole. I don't really like to think about things from the perspective of um confirmation because I don't really believe in confirmation like something can be confirmed and still not follow through. I guess like there is a distinction, right? It's not a guarantee. Confirmation is not a guarantee. But I think that you know people often conflate these two ideas or words whatever. Um and that kind of like plays tricks on us, right? So, for example, like if a bull flag is to confirm, right? Well, when does it confirm? It makes this flag over here and then it confirms by breaking to a new high. I think a lot of people because they use the terminology of confirm, they think, okay, well, that's it. It's going to go bullish from here. Um, and then they don't really leave themselves open for the potential of how this might fail, right? Because this can quote unquote confirm and then roll over and then be negated as well, right? So, I I don't like that language. I find that using the word affirm um kind of primes your brain to keep focusing on what is currently happening. Is that prior thing that just occurred this hold of this point of control continuing to be supported? Right? Are these buyers continuing to move away from that level or higher prices relative to that level being accepted? These are the things that we should continue to assess in order to see okay, you know, is it are these sellers going to punch it finally or are these buyers going to just keep chugging along? So on Monday, what we should look out for is 67395. You'll notice at the end of the day was essentially a pop and drop at that level. We should care about 673.95 because it's the high of this prior all-time high structure. So if these buyers want to uh accept uh uh higher prices relative to the prior all-time high, they have to get back over the prior all-time high. So, we're, if you'll recall last week, we were talking about the potential that we're looking for some potential bigger picture balance over this demand zone and under this all-time high supply, which does appear to be the case, right? What we were looking out for last week was, okay, well, we're probably looking for some balance like this, unless we can find acceptance over 68336, which is not what happened, right? Today, or rather on Wednesday, you had this um open up here. You move all the way down to the value area low, you close right on that point of control. It's a clear battle for this level. Even the day before it, even the day before, you stall here for like the end of the session, you pretty much stall there for like two hours or so. And then it's a clear battle for these levels, right? They can't hold above the point of control, hold the value area low, battle for the point of control, close right on it at the end of the day, and then of course these sellers took over into the end of the week, but not really effectively until the close of the week. Now to be fair, you know, it is it's it's still technically a slightly green week and the buyers did bounce. Uh it's a green week in the sense that there was advance, right? This is a 0.14% advance technically because the close is a little bit higher. I know it's a red bar, but technically the week is an advance. Um but we do have to be mindful of these key levels going forward. So again, what we care about next week just going to be 67395 and 68336 to the upside. And to the downside, we're just going to keep watching 663.01. All right. So, the odds of the sellers punching it through this this, by the way, this level 663.01 is pretty much the same level as the point of control of this entire balance. If you were to view all of this as one large structure, which would be totally fine. It's pretty much the same level, right? The point of control is just a little bit lower here. So, it's still a failure. It's still a failure here, and it's just a drop and pop over here. So, um, lack of acceptance under 663.01 01 would not just affirm this guy as demand, this little fella, but also this large structure as demand as well. So, this is really what we should care about going forward. These two point of controls are, you know, super key. Buyers need over this guy to be positioned well for new all-time highs. Sellers need under this guy to really make a statement here and finally go on the offensive, not just establish establishing supply, but also taking out demand, which essentially is is very similar to what how Dan looks at things. He wants to see a lower high and a lower low. Um, I want to see supply created, rejected from it, and then demand get taken out. It's not quite the same, right? Dan's already got what he's interested in, this lower high and a lower low. Um, I need the sellers to prove it a little more before I'm interested in joining the sellers. I don't think one is either more right or wrong. I think it just depends on um how you view the market and certainly what your disposition is like. Dan is certainly somebody who's much more of a at in this moment kind of operator whereas uh I'm a little bit more uh I guess measured. I prefer to do take a little bit slower approach. Um call me lazy I guess. So Dan does have a really strong uh work ethic. Um anyway that's pretty much it um going forward for the spy here. And just like these last times when we held these point of controls over here and over here, what did we need to see? We wanted to see buyers keep affirming that hold like with strength on this day and strength on this day. So the best case scenario next week would be for these buyers to just get right back to um strength which should see the session to session perspective move higher. So the last time for example this one was obviously a gap up but the last time they held over here. So here is the uh October 22nd session right? October 22nd is here right? That's this day over here when they held this point of control. They failed to touch down on it and then held it. Uh the sellers failed to touch down, the buyers held it. And then on this day, if we wanted to see, okay, are these buyers keeping uh affirming this hold from the prior day on the 23rd, excuse me, on the 23rd, what do we want to see? We want to see from a session to session perspective. So, here's the 22nd, here's the 23rd. We want to see the these buyers be able to hold over this day's point of control, which would which would put these buyers position well to move value higher session to session, which would let us know then that they're affirming this day's hold. So again, this day is the hold of that point of control. This day from a session to session perspective, look at where the low of the days day is, right? You open right at the prior day's point of control, move under it, can't find acceptance above, back test it, and then it slipped off. So, this is pretty much the best. Well, technically the this one is the best case, right? When you hold it and then you just gap up, but it's the same, right? They held over the point of control on this day. Um, and mind you, we were watching on the uh in the futures room, we were watching these key levels. That's why it's marked up like this. Um, which, you know, perfectly made that low of the day because this is exactly where the sellers had problems um or the buyers had problems on this bounce and moved lower. So it's always like you know again it's always a matter of the market is always trying to affirm or negate prior um supply and demand prior structure and then from a session to session perspective like each single day is the market voting on what it thinks is fair price to do business. So it's always trying to affirm or negate prior sessions as well. So then that's kind of how you can dig out um these key levels of change. All right. So moving on then oh do we have trades? We did have trade zones. Um, so it got to our target. And I'll be completely honest with you, like this targeting probably should have been a bit lower. It still got there, but that was just a bit of luck in my opinion. Uh, we should have just been targeting the point of control. I'm not really quite sure why I set it up like that to be honest with you, but either way, it did get there. And, um, I did put out a tweet to let folks know that if we use this trade zone, you know, go ahead and take some partial profits at least and then walk your stop up to under this low. Um, and, you know, check it out, I guess. cuz if you're just watching these weekend videos, then you know I don't I can't contact you during the week, but I do post uh updates on spy and bitcoin sometimes sometimes securities on Twitter. So if you're using these trade zones and you're looking for updates and you're not in our community, um check me out on Twitter. You can send me a message there, too. But I'm like not so great about uh responding quickly because I'm just I'm not a social media guy.  So anyway, um yeah. So anyway, if you need those updates, uh check it out over there. So that's pretty much it. I I think we can continue to um look for trades in this zone honestly. Like if you were to have recycled it here, I don't think that's truly problematic at all. Although if we are looking for a bigger picture balance, then there is the potential that we drop and pop here more. So you know, um I think just holding on to your original position is also just fine. The original partial that you have left with your stop under here and then wait to see if these buyers can create a new demand zone, something like this. and then affirm it, right, by breaking out and then walk your stop off. Otherwise, I would just leave your stop under here for now. Don't walk it up yet. It's too early. Oops. Uh, I mean, aggressive sellers, by the way, you can be selling off of this guy, too. Like, I wasn't too keen on it just because the fear and greed index is still, you know, like I think it's back to extreme fear, if not fear. Hang on a second here. Let me double check here. Um, it's back in extreme fear. So like it's you know I'm not too keen on on joining sellers just because even if they follow through from here right like even if they punch it from here with things already in extreme fear the odds of you seeing significant followthrough are diminished. It's not to say that it can't happen but you know there it's diminished. So it's reasonable to be looking for the settle like this as well. Um, but I would prefer to just continue being a cautious buyer personally. Something like that. All right. Because if you reject from here again, their first their first place that they're going to try to get to should be here, this prior high. Okay. All right. Moving on to the Q's here. Um, so for the Q's, this is quite notable, right? So for the Q's, they came back in, held this pro control. I've got it marked up as one big old structure. Um, for simplicity sake with the Q's, this just wasn't as clear to me. although it's more or less the same. Um I think let me see here it's a little bit different. So here we'd be looking at its value area low. Either way um I think either way you want to look at it is is is totally fine. So I've got it pulled like this and I'm thinking you know this is quite notable right this high of the day right at 61318. This is where the buyers, you know, it's why we're looking at this level for SPY next week, right? It's the same idea, the same concept of, you know, if these buyers want to get back to higher prices relative to the prior all-time high being accepted, they have to get back over 61318. So, we're kind of in no man's land again under this supply into this demand. I should mention for the cues that, you know, technically and even for the spy, right? like there's a more acceptance in these demand zones than there is in this supply zone, which is, you know, a little slight edge in favor of the um sellers, but you'll recall that was the case back here as well, right? Where you had very little acceptance here in this structure and a lot more acceptance [clears throat] in here and buyers still pulled it out. So, it's not something huge, but it is something I think you should carry forward in your narrative. And so, for 61318 being the high of the day, that's a bit of a red flag. And if you zoom in, you can kind of see how there was a pitch battle for this level over here and for the value area um high after they held this point of control. So next week, what's our key upside reference? Going to be 61318. Our key downside reference is going to be 59812 and then this guy over here 59447. Sellers need under 59447 to start moving value lower relative to this area of local daily demand. So that is really it. And if these buyers can really keep punching it, then our next upside reference is going to be 624 um 03. So it's the same dealio, right? We want to see if these buyers are going to have legs after holding this point of control here. We want to see an advancement, right? We want to see from a session to session perspective that that you know we have value moving higher today. This was a notable failure, right? sellers had a really strong gap and we talked about this during the morning stream how like you know because of the size of the gap because of the extreme fear because you're gapping down into all this demand the odds of the sellers seeing followthrough right away probably not great. So that this bounce is you know more or less to be expected and they did get back over this structure which is a good start but next week the buyers need to keep holding over this guy and ideally move value higher relative to today's point or yesterday's point of control which is here. Okay, so best case scenario next week to see if this bounce has legs is like what we were talked about in the ES in the prior example. Something like this, right? Ideally move value higher. So holding even over the value area high would be better. All right. Uh moving on to the rut here. So the rut a lot of relative weakness. The rut is furthest off of its highs and it's also back below this prior all-time high structure. You can see the high of the day was pretty much right at the value area low of this prior all-time high structure. This is a bit of a red flag in my opinion just because you know historically when you look at the rut when it makes a new it's first of all this is just what you should expect if something is balancing for a while makes a new high can't hold that new high and comes back into the range it just broke out of the seller should try to test the lows of the range we just left so that's here you balance break out can't can't hold it test the lows right bigger picture if you balance here right this is big old picture balance break to a new high can hold it roll back in test the lows and then you actually come back all the way to Tesla lows of this much larger range. So there is the potential that you know this pop and drop is increasing I should say the potential that we're looking at this as bigger picture balance. Now the difference though in these last times is that you know as of right now this is a pretty solid consolidation right there's still so much space for a monthly higher low and this was a very impulsive move. Um, now to be fair, this was also a very impulsive move and then all it did was have this healthy consolidation for a year and then fake us out. So, we just have to keep taking this day by day, but as of right now, it is a bit problematic. As long as these sellers can hold price under 240.88, then they continue to affirm this prior all-time high structure as supply. Affirming that prior all-time high structure as supply increases the potential that this is a pop and drop. And a pop and drop increases the potential that we come back and test the lows of the range. So, as of right now, what's the next key um level or structure that we should care about is this demand zone that made for all these lows throughout all of this balance over here. So, we can kill these lines for now. We don't really need that so much. So, our key upside reference is going to be 24088. Our key downside reference is going to be um I would say the value area high of this next big structure over here. Honestly, we should watch this guy next. All right, this high over here needs to get negated first. Oops. 23146. Do we have trade zones? I don't I don't remember. So, came in, fails to get to target this second time, and then it's a stop out. Uh, that was also a stopout. All right. So, that is um that's pretty much it. I think if you're going to be a seller, it's probably best to do it in the rut. And I I mean, selling off of all of this, I don't I don't think is really bad. I think that's fine, but you probably want to see some extension into it. I would like to see some more retracement before looking for a sell setup against this guy, but I have been trading it to the sell side on the daytime frame. If you're going to be an index trader on the daytime frame, then typically selling in the right is almost always going to be easier. Not always, but um almost always. Moving on to the Dow here. So, the Dow um do a new trade zone, I don't think. Oh, we did. Okay. Didn't come into that guy. So, I'm still just watching these old fellas. Uh this is really not that bad. The Dow actually looks fine compared to everybody else. It made a new high and it's just trying to affirm the breakout over this um prior all-time high over here, which is roughly the high of all this demand over here. Like we have it as two structures right now, but we can mark it up as one too. Um okay, so space for a higher low over 464.86. And really the key downside reference next week is just going to be the value area high of this guy over here, which is pretty much what made for these two lows over here. 46596 and the key upside reference we should watch this guy. All right, because if these buyers so far this was the higher high or this higher high over this high could not hold. So if these buyers want to pick up where they fail, they need to find acceptance back over 48039. So the first upside objective if these buyers can hold here 480.39 and the next downside objective is going to be again 465.96. If you still manage your position from here or your position from here, um I would say your stop I would still hide the stop here honestly. Like that's that's fine. Like if you were in here, chopped it up, added here or added here, chopped it up again at the target, I would leave it here, right? Because now you're sitting pretty on a bunch of, you know, um profits already. If you even if you stopped out here for the rest of the position, it would still be very profitable trade. So I would just leave it down there. Okay. the dollar. I still stand by these trade zones. Not really much is happening in the dollar and I don't really expect much to happen in the dollar. I think there's very likely that we just keep balancing between these two structures. Now, that being said, the buyers are actually doing pretty well here, right? The sellers are defending that key structures point of control, which is exactly what they have to do. It's why we set up this trade zone as such before. Um, but you'll notice that these buyers are still affirming this breakout. So, this was many days just to get back to back testing this breakout point. And so far, the buyers are doing a pretty good job holding it. So buyers actually look okay here. If you did initiate another sell here, I think we talked about instead of just scaling into this, selling the pass back under this um point of control and then throwing our stop over here and then targeting here first. I think that's a you know a more appropriate way to handle this now that it's like a second te uh test of this guy. It's not the best 1.6 R. So you're going to need to know what your hit rate is. But um you know I think this kind of uh analysis does offer very high hit rate. you know, um, but still you kind of need that experience trading it to be confident in that. So, I wouldn't fall off you if you passed on. Um, all right. So, gold, I think we this was for like the our daily stream or whatever. I mean, our morning streams. Um, but I do think it's reasonable, right? Looking essentially for a buy off of this uh local area of daily demand to see if these buyers can get back to this high volume area. Gold looks fine. So, they're still affirming this daily breakout. This is the new daily no change level here. uh 4046.595. This breakout continues to be affirmed as long as acceptance above space for a higher low over 3928.685. Gold honestly looks fine. I wouldn't be surprised if we're looking at something like this though. So if we do happen to get a lower low here, but we don't see followrough down to like say here or even down to here and then start, you know, trading sideways again, then we're probably looking at a situation like this again, which would open up developing value area low plays. So that's what I would be waiting for personally if you're looking to play gold as a buyer. Curious to see if it sets up if it has it probably already set up. I get a new mouse. Um yeah, it already set up quite well actually. Right. This pass back over this development value area low. You buy that, chop it up at the deep, chop it up at the diva. I would just keep doing something like that if you're interested in buying um gold. Okay. So you're basically you're looking for a pass back over You want to see a move under the development value area low, lack acceptance. Buy the pass back over. Stop is under the local low. Give yourself a little bit of wiggle room. So if you were to buy it here, eyeing a test of the deep here, if you want to give it wiggle room for like 2, it would look something like that. All right, NVDA. So NVDA came into our aggressive zone. Oh, I thought we had updated it to a little bit higher, but I guess not. Okay, came into our aggressive zone back here. um it's still just holding this structure, right? That's why we designed this zone as such, right? Looking to bottom fish off of this guy, thinking, okay, well, if they do hold the lows of this range and they should just try to come back and test the highs of it. So MVD honestly was looking just fine, just continuing to hold the back test of this local area of uh demand here. We do have to be mindful earnings next week. So, if you did use this trade zone and you haven't taken off any profits, which would be pretty wild because that's like a pretty solid move. Um, I would definitely recommend you do so even if you would have done so at the end of the day. That's the 7% move from this one fill here. Pull any bits lower at least until after earnings and then see, you know, what how what earnings brings. If earnings is a negative reaction, then I think these buyers would would be interested here. The sellers are trying to get back here to negate this big old breakout and the buyers are likely to be interested in defending this area where there was a lot of value established. Okay. Uh, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin approaching a key test of this structures point of control. Super important here. Notably, it's a failure right now. But, you know, these buyers, they have not put together any kind of meaningful bounce here. The daily no change level is just that 98892.97. Need to get back over that just to negate this most recent breakdown. So, not the best look, right? Higher high like follow through test lows of the range. Higher high and can follow higher high and follow through test lows of the range. Higher high and follow through test lows of the range, etc. So now this is the potentially just a big old you know in a pop and drop here. So then they should be trying to test the range that they just fell out of which is over here. This is potentially a big old head and shoulders right left shoulder potentially a head over here. If that's going to be the case then this supply that's kind of making for the head. This is going to be super key. Now even if we bounce up here if these buyers can't find acceptance in this head you know this supply that's acting as the head then this the the potential for a head and shoulders continues to be um on the table here. I'm curious if this has changed yet. Not yet. No. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it for um Bitcoin really. So, if we see lower lows, next key reference is going to be this guy 89541.25. That's just the point of control of this structure. If you remember back here, we set up trade zones bottom fishing off of this guy. Um, because this was the structure that was holding price for so long and then eventually it flips into resistance over here and then, you know, now it's back into demand. So, what these buyers should try to get done if they can't hold this fella is to is to hold this guy next. All right, Ethereum. So, Ethereum, I think you can sit tight on this guy, right? Any any trades initiated in this zone back here, you know? I guess I'm a bit too conservative, right? The trade only came into the trade zone back here by one fill. Same thing over here. So, I guess I'm just a bit conservative. I got PTSD from like hypervatile crypto days. But I suppose Bitcoin and Ethereum has changed. I, you know, full disclosure, I don't really trade Ethereum and Bitcoin very regularly. More of like a buy bigger picture fear and then just trim uh and euphoria. So, just because um you know like securities, futures just, you know, I just prefer trading those now like quote unquote more mature assets or whatever. Not that people who trade them are more mature per se, but that they're more developed um assets with, you know, much more folks trading them. Um and you won't get robbed like an FTX. Um, not that I was in FTX, rather I was, but I was doing so in western Iceland completely legally. Um, so anyway, this is a um this is a situation where these buyers are not negating the change of this breakdown, right? So the daily no change level right now is uh 3510. And so again, I think you can stick with this right at this point. I'll probably book some partial profits. This is already a 31% move or roughly this is already a 25% move from the trade zone, the top of the trade or the bottom of the trade zone or whatever. So, I would definitely chop this up. Uh pull any ass you have over here and I would wait for this breakdown first before walking your stop here. Your stop can still be over here, right? It shouldn't be over here anymore because you have this supply and breakdown. So, your any initiations from the trade zone here, stop should be here. If you take this low out, then I think it's more appropriate to walk your stop to over this guy. I do think that still that they're still just trying to get here. If you want to be a bit more conservative with your exit and not wait for a value area low, um if you get to 2880, it's a lucky number. Um I would just look to chop it up there. If you if you you know, if you're if you don't want to hold off for here, here is a very reasonable place. All right, space for daily lower high anything under 3658.38 going to be good for one. That's really it. And then finally for CCJ here. So CCJ, uh, this is notable weakness, right? We're like probably what, like 20 30% now off of the highs. 25% um, off the highs. Again, I'm still just eyeing this. Like I know that, you know, um, there's definitely folks who cover uranium better in our um, room. The only reason why I forget why I'm covering uranium, honestly. But yeah, I'm not terribly active in the uranium space um, either. So I'm personally just looking for this guy still. Like I just really wanted to see can they back test this, you know, big old area of um demand that was established. Like this is a ton of demand that was established. So I really just care about it over here. All right, sun's up already. Um okay, so let's get into uh trade review really quickly, I guess. So the first thing I got up here is just a message on November 10th, which was Monday, right? November 10th. Um yeah, Monday. So, November 10th on Monday, I put that message out and this just says, you know, be mindful of the potential for balance under the supply and over demand like the last major drop. The last major drop is here and then we balanced under supply and over demand. And so, I'm just letting the laying out this context right now because November 10th is this big cap up day. And so, that's to our futures guys, right? And future, you know, a lot of our futures folks, they're really just daytime frame operators. Um, so, you know, I just want to put put things into perspective, right? like a gap up after holding you know big old bounce day it can feel like very euphoric right and so it's good to temper your expectations and you know just keep an open mind to what could happen not just what you know you would like to happen so I'm just setting up that context and that context allows us to stay flexible right to look for potential sells if we reject from here and then to look for buys if we can hold over here so um starting off the week then on 11 oh that's Tuesday and I I don't I don't often trade on uh Mondays. So on 1111 then um we did a sell. Why? Let me check the daily context on the RTY on 111. Okay, that's here. So on 11-11 I was thinking all right well these sellers they just rejected from here right? So on the 10th you had a lot of weakness the ES and the spy on the 10th this is the uh spy es and then this is the um Q's right and Q. So the rut looked like this. it looked like, you know, some relative weakness was certainly present and and and they stalled right at the prior all-time high structures um high. So, I was thinking, all right, let me look for a follow-up play here. If they move under the open and then I can target this, I can target this. Um so, that's what I did. I sold RTY pass back under the YO. Oh, right. I remember now. The YOK was here on this day. Um let's see, the 10th was 11th was here. So, it's honestly pretty solid um setup. very low risk. Right? So, here you have this open, you rally up and then you sell right against this yesterday's point of control because as I was saying in the earlier in the video, what do we want to look out for on Monday to see if the bounce on last Friday has legs is we want to see buyers hold over Friday's point of control. It's the same concept here, right? If these sellers, this is this what happened here, a major thing happened on the daily rejection over here, right? So, if the sellers want to affirm this rejection, what do they need to do? they need to hold under this day's point of control, right? Reasonable, right? And if they can do that, they're going to try to get here next, right? So, the prior days value area low, I mean, so I'm looking at things not just from a daily perspective, right? This is the daily context that has me open to this cell over here to targeting this guy, targeting this guy. I'm looking at these daily levels, um, excuse me, but I'm also looking at session to session levels, right? If we hold yesterday's point of control of the sellers, then they should try to move down to the value area low. Um, so I sold that here. Let me uh So we sold this move. Chop it up. Looking for a devout chop. So we chop it up at the development value area low. All right, the development value area low is right here. Gave it a little bit of wiggle room for 1.5R. Very standard stuff. And then I was eyeing the overnight low for more. The pass back under the open should be smashy out to it after the Ypock rejection. So I'm thinking these sellers made a statement selling from the YPO. And so if we make a low under the open, it should be smashy there. So honestly, I was um I was actually surprised that it didn't really smash aggressively there. Um and I hesitated on the uh Okay, so I'm out more at the overnight low that's over here. So I get two exits on that. And then I hesitated on this ENQ pass back over and this trade actually doesn't stick. But I still think it was an error. I should have been uh prepared for that because the um the uh ENQ on the 10th was like this. No, the 11th was over here. So a pass back over the open playing to get to the like so it's really cheap over here. Pass back over the open. This is the open right just to get to the point of control. It was very cheap and it was really good R. So even though it doesn't stick, I still think that that was a trade that I should have done um simultaneously a pair trade here and then you know just let one of them shake out however they might. Um and I'm just calling that out because you know that's a this is this error watching work like on once I have a trade on I forget to do a pair trade if it's reasonable for one. Um this is one of my biggest holes. It's like it's not something that causes you damage per se. It's unlikely to cause you damage. It could. Um but it's something that I I know I could improve on. I just for whatever reason, it's just a really big crux of mine. So just calling it out, bringing some attention to it, bringing some awareness to it because, you know, wherever you bring awareness, um you know, you can bring energy towards. So still something I'm working on. Um okay, so for the Oops. For the 12th here, I bought the ES pass back over the GPO early in the morning. Why was the setup like that for the 12th here? Um, so that's here. So on the 12th, I'm thinking um same. It's a very similar situation. I'm Well, I'm buying the deep. Let me remind myself. I don't quite remember. Okay, so this is a strong open, right? So it's a strong open, incomplete gap though, right? these these sellers. Uh so on this day, this day big old open uh gap up open and then I'm thinking if we hold over this point of control, then we're affirming this guy as demand. Then we're position well for new high. So I'm interested in joining the buyers now. Um and so what I did was I just bought this deep and I was looking for the open back test because it was an incomplete gap fill. So you have incomplete gap fill and if you the sellers can't fill the gap then they're not strong. So I buy this move back over the point of control and I look for an open back test. give it a little bit of wiggle room for 1.4R or 1.5, which I guess is a little bit lower there. Um, and then I think it would be, this is just context, right? I think it would be notable to fail the open cuz XLV and Oh, right. Okay. So, the Q's were not strong, but XLV and XLF were. So, I was thinking that should be enough to bring the ES to the open. So, chopped it up and then I stopped the rest and then that was all that I did on the 12th because um we weren't holding over the point of control after after some time. So, didn't really love that setup anymore. That has something to do as well. I forget. And then moving on to the 1113, November 13, sold past. So, let me check out the daily context here on the 13th. Uh, okay. So, the 13th, I'm just trying to join these sellers here because it's a gap down, right? It's a gap down, incomplete fail. They failed to get to the valuary high of that all-time high structure that we've been watching. So, you put that all together and it's reasonable to join the sellers. And this day, I left a ton on the table. I didn't capture most of this move at all. I only got from here to here. It's still a pretty solid day, but you know, it doesn't feel great to miss that. And whatever. Like I I think that's pretty reasonable just because buyers play defense here so many times. Buyers play defense here and here and here and here and here um and here. So I was just thinking if these sellers do punch it down to here, I'm like really only confident that they can bring it down to um here. So maybe a bit too conservative. Mark did much better actually. one of our um members took a couple attempts here and then I I forget where he closed out at a prior alltime high. I think here. I forget. Um shout out to Mark. It's always gallivanting around the world traveling. So sometimes he puts in some more um 113. So what did I do? Waiting to see how much corrective Okay, so I see this gap down. I want to see how much corrective activity there is. And then if there's incomplete gap fill and move under the open, then you know I'm interested in hitting a sell here. It's the 13th, right? Uh that's was too close to the overnight low. H That's weird. That's not That's weird. Oh, here we go. Um, all right. So, here I try this move back down. Initially, I I pass on it because it was too close to the overnight low here, the open, this initial move down. It's just too close to the first target. So, I initially pass and then um I do this a minute later or so. So, this should actually be like over here. This guy should be over here or something like that. Um, right. Hang on. Let me make sure here. 113. Okay, the next minute, right? So, I do it again and then I'm looking for because this was a move above and then it rolled back down under it. So, I was thinking, all right, back that that's probably it. So, initial move lower. It didn't hit that, but it comes up and then rolls back down under it. And just for a second, obviously, it didn't see fall through. And so, I just stopped out of that. And my first target I'm looking for is this guy over here, the uh 117 point of control. So, I'm just calling out the targets um just to make it clear what the setup is. And that's just this guy over here, right? So here's this virgin point of control that remained untested. The high of this structure pretty much what made these lows over here. So I'm thinking if these sellers are going to incomplete fill no acceptance in here, they should try to start negating these prior sessions, right? The same concepts that I was talking about earlier. They should try to negate this guy. So I was looking to play to that as the first um target. So the first one is a stop. I stopped it out and then I said I'm still eyeing it. And the daily value area high is key. That's this guy. That's this value area high is key. So, I'm waiting to see what happens over there. They failed to touch it and then I sold the pass back under the 1110 low looking for the open shot. So, the 1110 low is just over here. That's this guy. So, I just sold this pass back under it. Um, looking for a chop at the open and that was only one R, but I was just thinking, man, incomplete fill um and then move back under that low. The seller should punch it. So I guess you know all things considered I probably should have been thinking we can hold out we're more on that. Maybe a bit of an error to be so conservative with my exits there. I maybe because probably because I took a stop first. So I was probably just thinking be a bit more conservative. Oops. Um still an error. I'm not trying to make excuses. Still an error. So gave it some wiggle. And let's see. Still eyeing it. Blah blah blah. I chop under the open. I mentioned I only got one R. So, I'm looking for the 117 point of control for more. So, the 117 PC is uh this guy. And then the last exit that I took was just the that the daily point of control. Um let's see. And out the rest of the cell at the point of control. And that initially was a good exit.  Um if you zoom in, here's that day. And then you zoom in here. And initially they they do hold it, right? So I just exited here. And you see this bounce. thinking, okay, maybe a good choice, but no, they just drilled for the rest of the day. Um, and that was it for that session. Decent session, nothing crazy. And then 14, I kind of felt some FOMO on on Friday's trade to be completely honest with you. I was doing the morning stream. I was very hesitant to join the sellers. I just did I felt I thought the move to join the sellers to get to um to get to the overnight low was probably pretty reasonable. I talked about this in the morning stream, but I didn't really think that you would get followthrough on that. and and you definitely didn't and I don't like to look for the trade that you know won't work for the rest of the day. So I I avoided that and I was thinking even if these buyers do have I was I was either going to try a sell against this structure here or I was going to try a buy for a higher low. So I ended up going for the buy just because the strength was a lot like by the time I came back from lunch. So I streamed until like 11ish come back from lunch around noon um we were like already all the way up here. So, I was thinking, you know what? Let me just try to join these um buyers and they are just some whatever a little bit of dinky little trades. So, um at 12:29, I I bought the Deepo pass. So, that's over here. I just bought this pass, right? And that that's just I I kind of jumped the gun here because I like to do this play for a 15-minute retracement, but actually at 12:29, the 15-inut did not retrace yet. So, I just called Damn it. So, I just called out that error. Um, I said, "Whoops, no 15 trace retracement." I jumped the gun. I just bailed on it two minutes later before like I see this red candle. We're like floating above over here. So, I just bailed on it just like, you know, it was a nothing burger a few points. Still nice, I guess, like a piece of candy for a mistake, I guess. But you have to be mindful that you're affirming a mistake. Um, but then I just did again. I said, "I'm eyeing it." Uh, as I'm calling myself out kind of a FOMO red flag, like I had just recently sat down at the computer. I just kind of jumped on it. Um but then I was eyeing it again in a few minutes later because it's it's now there was retracement. So I was now I was playing for the potential 15-minute higher low um over here. I was trying looking for that potential to be another 15-minute higher low and then see if these buyers can just keep you know squeezing essentially these these sellers. Um so I did it the same setup. It was really the same setup. I actually didn't have to exit the trade if but you know I think if you make an error entering you should just reset. So did it same setup except now for the potential 15-minute higher low and I said back here that I was looking for an or test of 26825 and that's just because this is the high that couldn't see followrough. So, I use this kind of targeting very often, right? Like if this higher high couldn't hold, then these buyers play defense, their first objective should be to get back to that higher high that couldn't hold, right? So, I chop it up, stop out the rest, um stop out the rest, and then the I made another attempt uh pretty much right after I stop out the rest of you know, I'm talking about what we should be looking out for. So, I'm thinking let the back test of yesterday's end of day structure set up first. So, let me see what happens on the back test of this guy. I want to see what happens if one of the buyers back test this fella because if they can hold over this guy then they're negating this weak open, right? And so they do eventually hold it. They come back back test hold it. So the setup is over here. Um this is that hold down to the PDC. Here's the PDC and you can see the PDC is right here. Right? So now the Deepo moves lower. Deepo prints lower and you have this overnight high here and this they had already popped over and made this little bit of local daily demand. So, I thought, okay, this is very cheap to try to get to just this area of supply over here. I didn't do this one because this one would have been too costly, right? If you buy this pass back over and you're looking for your first exit on a test of this guy, the R is not good enough. So, I passed on this. Um, but this one was okay, right? You hold your you can hide your stop under the low of this move with a little bit of wiggle room. Um, and that was fine. So, I chopped it up at one. I was looking for 188 chop, stop under the local low, blah blah blah. Look looking for more out at 25217.25 which is just the other side of the local um I misspoke here other side of local yeah local chop before where the volume tapers off. So if you look at it and you just view this volume distribution here of all this you know all this balance over here the volume tapers off uh here right you see this valley here right you see this valley at this point it look like this let's give it a second here so it look like you know this is where it tapers off so I'm thinking all right if these bars are going to run into problems on the way up and you know probably be there so I take another exit and then I stop off the rest of the end of the day honestly this turned out to be quite well you know ENQ is you know when it works works for you. It's, you know, it's it's it's, you know, they add up very quickly. So, that was quite nice. Um, anyway, so that was it. That was all the trades for the week. So, uh, if you are interested in trading alongside our group of futures guys, and we have, you know, full chat room, stocks, crypto, we got a MJ room, psychedelics are covered in there as well. Um, uranium channel, whatever. Um, check out our community links in the description below. And if you are interested in getting um trade zone sent to you just like the ones that we you know do every week set up for you for free um like over here all of these guys but for individual stocks uh check out the swing report links in the description below as well. I don't take every single trade that we publish because it's two per week but if I do take a trade I publish every single action and um you know every year there's at least always one like big kahuna. Last year it was Tesla like 100% gain if not more and then this year MU has just been an absolute ripper. They're not the only ones but those are the ones that kind of stand out. This one MU just keeps on going so far. So anyway, if you're interested in that, to be fair, there was a stopout first. Uh we were looking for a weekly lower high first and then we stopped out of that. So that was a 6% draw down. Um but then we set this up over here and you know if you use the official trade zone, the first chop was 23%. You know, more than makes up for that. And then now you're sitting at 100%. So anyway, um, check out those things in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate youall tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to catch you all next time. Farewell.