============================================================
Video: FEatasR0T1I
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trump Tipping Off Trades
Date: 2025-10-04
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5119
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:08.862687
============================================================

Hey everybody, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to check in on the market after another euphoric week. We're going to talk about Trump telegraphing trades with some examples, the wild insane valuations that the quantum sector currently has, and where the money is rotating amongst our major sectors. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders, as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right, so S&amp;P 500 keeps chugging higher and we had a little bit of a pullback on Friday afternoon. You can see a decent drop there, but the bears will have a lot of proving to do if they're going to get any follow through because we've been seeing healthy rotation where semiconductors will get a big leg up. You know, Nvidia hitting new all-time highs. So, they lead the way while that's happening. The financial sector, healthc care, they're doing nothing. And then a monster move in healthcare thanks in part to Trump. And I'm watching for healthcare to potentially get rotation Q4 2025 which is certainly off to a good start. But with all of that, you have the S&amp;P 500, a bearish daily candle, but I'm just walking up the higher low guides. Again, there's two check marks the bears need. Number one, lose the daily uptrend. And that's happened a couple of times along the way back here. Solid drop, end of July, start of August, we lost the daily uptrend. Check one. Check mark number two. Did you confirm the daily downtrend? No. You have to get both check marks for us to say something is clearly shifting in the market. So check mark number one, just walk up these higher lows. We held it there. Another higher low there. So I'm saying anything above the low of Wednesday is another higher low. So heading into this coming week, the low of Wednesday is the support level that I care most about. And nothing changes until it is lost. If it is lost. We are in, as you know, massive euphoria. We are in a meltup market. And I'm going to be looking for a blowoff top. But I also know that I shouldn't have any expectation of nailing that top. If we get up over 7,000 plus, the probabilities of blowoff top will continue to increase. So that's my approach to the market right now. I'm not fighting the bulls from a broader market perspective. I am going to fight some bulls in quantum. I'll talk about that a bit um when we get there, but not going to fight the bulls in the broader market and not going to go aggressively short until I get clear indication that something has shifted. And until then, I'll keep looking for swing longs where it makes sense. And most recently, the healthc care sector is where some swing longs made sense just in just in the sense that we're not buying something that's already been going straight up for five months. uh it's it's looking for the things that are waiting for their rotation turn because in this very strong market it's just a game of rotation intersector rotation intra sector rotation both of them NASDAQ more of a pullback on Friday we did start daily consolidation but again as we know we got daily EMA 12 as a guide we've got the higher lows as a guide low of Wednesday is what I care about and if you're not looking at the futures chart just pull up Kikq or spy low of Tuesday actually is the level there but 59610 hold that level this coming week bulls maintain complete control semiconductors straight up on the weekly chart now five weeks in a row daily chart big leg up this week just started consolidation Friday there's a little gap to fill 33411 daily EMA 12 rider tons of space for a daily higher low and again it was just NVDA trading sideways for a couple of months breaking bolt to a new all-time high and now it's back testing this resistance zone. Look at how stubborn 184s were and now we're trying to hold those for the higher low. So while again this is I always get them confused. Should have looked it up before. Interstate interstate. So intersector is intra sector is when we get Nvidia going sideways and we get MU getting a big leg up, AMD getting a big leg up. Oh, they gave it back. Got to hold this back test. Uh they had some news INTC news. But uh resistance 164s got to form that higher low now. But anyways, MU and NVDA playing some leaprog. TSM has been strong as we know. So semiconductors overall still holding on just fine and we'll see if the daily uptrend can remain. But while that's been taking place, healthcare had its most bullish week in I mean really of the year. The most bullish week of the year. So we know healthcare hasn't been do healthcare has been our lead bare major sector and hasn't really done anything. You know we just traded sideways for five months and that has now broken bullish. We just confirmed a clear weekly uptrend and the bulls are hoping this is a a yearly higher low. We started yearly consolidation this year. You know go to the three-month time frame. One thing I'm going to be watching for is is this a three-month head and shoulders, which would mean uh a big shift is underway, but obviously no sign of it at this point and just going to continue taking it one week at a time as far as the long-term time frame. But big move here. We know UNH has been a nice bouncer uh off of those valuations that were pretty wild when it was getting extreme in the sentiment, but look at how the bulls are defending the gap fills here. So, we gap up, hold it, hold it, sideways, leg up, and then there's another gap here. Hold it sideways, another leg up. Granted, big upper wick on Friday's candle. Daily uptrend is our guide. Again, daily EMA 12 rider. We've been holding this daily EMA 12 for over a month, couple, six weeks. Nothing changes as long as we're holding it. Eventually, we'll see a weekly consolidation, but we're working into this gap fill. The gap fill is 376.84 and we came within $9 of that on Friday. LLY. So, here's Trump signaling LLY. And I posted this on Twitter, but uh I grabbed I grabbed Lly when I thought it was chasing in the 740s. So, I didn't grab a large swing position. I grabbed a starter that I wanted to add to and then we just go straight up. And Trump talked about LLY and I bought it after that. And again, just straight up hundred plus dollars, 15% in a few days from that point. And my mindset, my thesis was, okay, I'm looking for a three-month higher low off EMA 12. You know, I look at the long term and say, okay, we've been consolidating over a year. There's nothing bearish about this long-term consolidation after going straight up for so long. It's a potential bull flag. I then zoom into the twoe time frame and say, okay, if we're going to set a three-month higher low, what's that going to look like? I talked a bit about this in our long-term patterns live stream. that's on our YouTube channel and definitely check that out. But this falling wedge broke bull. And what else was key for me is why I entered. If we confirm this weekly uptrend, which we hadn't at that point, but if we do, that's the first weekly uptrend since all-time highs. That's bulls showing us something is shifting. And so, a nice shift. And again, the the Trump trade, it's it's unreal. He didn't do this in his first term nearly as much as he's doing it right now, but you know, INTC, he gives a clue where, you know, a White House official or whatever will say something and then we get the official word. So, it's almost like a heads up and then here we go. And that's why we're looking so closely at cannabis. But, uh, we had, you know, the the big move, the big gap up, we pull back, we set a daily higher low, and then big time continuation. LAC did it with lithium. We get word that Trump's interested 150%. We pull back. We set the daily higher low. It's official monster followthrough. From that daily higher low to the high of Friday is like 80% in four days. 150% 80%. It's just uh you just I mean he said buy the stock market at the Trump bottom right before going by. It doesn't matter if you hate the dude. He's helping you make money in the stock market. It's it's like a you know a leader of a a trading group that has 300 million followers or whatever. It's wild. But it's keep doing it until it stops working is definitely our mindset and approach. And you know, American companies f got a little bump from some focus shifting toward he said he said something about the automotive, you know, American auto companies and that leads to Ford breaking a sideways range for months uh in a nice big bull move. Anyways, it's it's a wild game we're playing here. So, back healthcare rotation looking great. Uh next major zone that we're looking at is up here. And one thing that I want to see is XLV divided by SPY. And we are on the verge of getting to uh four three month highs, two and a half month highs in terms of the strongest healthcare has been to the S&amp;P 500. And so I'm watching is this going to be more significant rotation. You know, it doesn't have to be a a groundbreaking shift, but this is a big bounce. This is a big bounce. Are we about to get another monthly bounce where it's better to be in health care than a bunch of other sectors into the end of the year? We have some early indications for that. Again, my trading style is establish a thesis and then watch every day, every week for signs that increase probabilities I'm correct or decrease probabilities that I'm correct. And so far in in what two tra three trading days of this month, probabilities keep increasing for that thesis. Biotech sector has been on fire as well. It's testing a major resistance zone. Look at this monthly chart. So biotechs are trying to get to the highest level that we've seen in three and a half years, almost four years. And so big move up off the lows, major resistance zone being tested. I'd love a bull flag here. I'd love a weekly bull flag really if I'm going to be as comfortable as I can be. Uh but I have missed the majority of this move. I got some pieces of it on the way. I was choosing between IWM and XBI. IWM has gone up, but XBI was the better choice. And again, just daily EMA2 rider. We've been riding daily EMA 12 for six weeks at this point. We've got a lot of space for a daily higher low to form. We'll be watching an hourly back burner for that daily higher low. Financial sector not doing anything. Uh so again, in this rotational market, does that mean we're going to get a leg up here soon? Maybe. I'm I'm less interested in it just because I mean really from the high you look at the high of June so July August three plus months and we are only up one less than 1% 1% from that you know 1% in in three months isn't much in this market mostly sideways again hanging on just fine weekly EMA 12 is support no major red flags we are in a daily downtrend lower high lower low we'll see if that continues is, but mostly just chopping sideways. IWM new all-time high Friday, not by much. Upper wick of some profit taking. And again, the big one for me, been watching this for a while, had a thesis. The thesis back a couple months was, do we see rotation out of the NASDAQ into healthcare, biotech, and IWM? We're seeing some signs of it, but IWM still has proving to do. IWM divided by QQQ a big green day of relative strength Friday got to confirm this weekly uptrend. When's the last time we've confirmed a weekly uptrend? It has not happened this year. So again, another thing where if this confirms that will be showing us, yep, that was that's the rotation underway, but still proving to be done. And uh really the financial sector needs to help a bit more just because the IWM does have a significant amount of financial names, small cap financial names, but still keeping an eye on that. I still haven't gotten the information as to whether I'm right or wrong yet. uh waiting for that in this month. October should resolve if this if we're going to get another clear leg down or confirm that uptrend. All right, individual names. Tesla sell the news event had a big gap up, big bearish engulfing. Why was it a sell the news event? I thought they had a ton of deliveries. So, the fundamental reason it's a sell the news event is yeah, you have huge de deliveries, but the incentives are going away. So, they're the deliveries are being frontr run just like the way guns do. you know, if if everybody thinks there's going to be gun regulations, everybody goes out and buys guns and then maybe for the next month or the next quarter, gun sales are much lower because everybody that was going to buy one went out and bought one. So, same thing with, you know, EVs. They're anticipating next quarter, way lower numbers because everybody that was going to buy one went out and bought one while the incentives were still in place. So, something to keep an eye on. No major red flags. I mean, we were going straight up towards all-time highs here, and we had very limited resistance left before that all-time high. But we'll look for a weekly pullback, which technically did start right now, the 14s RA support level, but there's a lot of space for a weekly higher low. So, next step for the bears again, step one, lose the daily uptrend. Bears have one check mark because we lost the higher lows. Step two, confirm the daily downtrend to prove the follow through. and we're still waiting to see if that takes place, but uh definitely a lead bear Thursday and Friday for Tesla. All right, Quantum just made a post on Twitter. So, so Quantum is at a point where, you know, generally when I'm teaching people technical analysis, do not short blue sky bulls. And that is a true statement for people newer to trading. I am shorting the blue sky. Well, I'm long and short really. I still got an OINQ swing position. added a little bit for the daily higher low. I'm out the ad. Still in the original swing from the 42s or something and you know, walk my stop up now under that level. All-time high in play. If IQ rejects, we're going to look for an equilibrium this coming week. But I'm just going to keep walking up a stop on that swing. But I am shorter term shorting again. And the reason is this is a mania. You know, I've I've got a lot of experience in euphoric mania markets. cannabis, crypto, 3D printing, and they all end the same way with, you know, I'm extreme. The last time I was really adamant, uh, we dropped 70% in 4 days on some of these names. And granted, astounding recovery to be able to recover from that. The meltup broader market certainly helps, but uh, I'm in the mindset now again where RGTI, QBTS, I'm looking for a 50% pullback. I think it'll take weeks and months for that to happen. not four days, but these valuations makes make absolute absolutely no sense. And just today I posted on Twitter, you know, someone posted the headquarters of RGTI and what the building looks like. And I went around and looked at a couple10 billion dollar valuation companies and their headquarters are these, you know, the streets named after the company and they're these huge massive buildings and RGTI is this little dinky thing, 11 billion valuation. It's just what happens with euphoria markets is the market, think of how easy it is for the market to price things in by pushing buttons. Think of how fast it can happen, right? The market is currently pricing in for quantum absolute best case scenario for the next few years. And so anything less than absolute best case scenario, we're going to be misvalued. The the valuations aren't going to make sense. And so that's what leads to these major draw downs. And that's not anything prolific. I'm not making a a wild bold call because as we know every major company that has succeeded over decades sees the 50 to 70% draw downs whether it's during the bare market or the the tech bubble or whatever it is. Uh, so I I have decided I' I've had a lot of fun short I' I've been playing both directions, but I have been having a bare lean more and you know shorting RGTI and QBTS. This looks like a little dinky bull flag and it is you know nice continuation there but that made my month. Shorting those names for, you know, two days uh made my month in September and I'm looking to do it again. I have a goal now of I'm going to short Quantum and it's going to be my biggest short win ever swing trade and that's just because there's not a large sample size. I don't really swing short often or with any size kind of size and conviction. My edge is oversold bounces and playing longs and uh I'm having a lot of fun shorting these names and it's forgiving in the sense that uh we get the moves to position. So just an example of that and this is I was having deja vu Friday because it was the same thing last week. Last week you know I would short the morning and take profit on 50 to 75% of the position and leave a runner and then the bulls would recover. And so I'd have, you know, a three, four day maker and I'd end up with a day maker and h not yet. Okay. And then when it finally did get some follow-through, I ended up with, you know, a couple week maker. And so it's the same thing. Friday morning, I short and I get some positions in the 37s and we drop down and I sell three quarters of my position on a, you know, nothing massive, 4% drop, 5% drop. And then we recover and I, you know, I end up I was up a three-day maker and I end up the day up a half day maker. You know, I made money shorting our GTI on Friday. Candle doesn't look like it, but uh it's because of the partial positions. So anyways, every time we do this and we close high, it's like, all right, doing it again Monday. Hope we gap up. Uh and again, it's just me having a lot of confidence in my ability to navigate the short-term time frames. And you know, I had 30 to 40 orders of RGTI on Friday. Short, short, cover, cover, cover, cover. You know, that kind of deal. Um, but I will be shorting. I will be holding for weekly consolidation. It's going to be very psychologically challenging for me. That's why I'm having so much fun is this is a challenge in in a market environment in 2025 that's been uh, you know, easy for bulls. And uh I'm looking forward to challenging myself and working on the psychological requirements for holding a swing trade short through some big bounces, holding a core. Again, I'll always be trading around it. But uh that is my game plan. And whether or not I choose RGTI or QBTS, I'm not sure yet. They shift a little bit. Generally, RGTI is the lead bull, but you know, Friday morning QBTS was stronger. So, uh, that is anyways just I don't suggest anybody do what I'm doing. I'm just letting you know what I'm doing because I'm excited about it. It's fun. I'm having fun. This is the and you you know you you look at this chart and say this is the most shorting shorting this is the most fun I've had in the stock market in 2025. Uh, it seems kind of crazy to say that, but again, it's just the challenge and and it's the new the new thing the thing. It's not just the standard. When you're when you're a good trader, uh doing your edge and doing your thing gets boring as it should. You don't want the high adrenaline and the rush. Uh so this is just a bit of a difference in that for me. So just sharing, but bulls still have complete control. And the guide is the hourly EMA2 rider. As long as, you know, even the Friday pullback, if hourly EMA 12 holds, the bulls are going to close just fine. And so that's what happened. and you know take take short profit into hourly EMA 12. Um we'll see. But I'm looking forward to next week to go for it again. And then you know I'll hold to hourly oversold will be an initial target and then I'll trim some there for the daily higher low. And it's it's a lot of active management of course. Uh uranium OKL had a nice bounce. It was actually a lagard on Thursday. The quantum name shot up on the morning. Let's just do a quick comparison. So, RGTI Thursday morning. Bulls were were there right out of the gate. Monster move. You know, within 30 minutes, you could see, you know, you got your morning volume surge on RGTI. Your worst entry on that morning volume surge is 3195 and 30 minutes later up at 35.81. So, again, we're in a market environment where it's back burners, EMA12 riders, and morning volume surges. I've talked about that in some recent videos where those are my three strategies for for euphoric bull markets. And uh so so bulls in full control in 30 minutes. Look at OKLO. OKLO did nothing for 45 minutes, an hour. It did nothing. And then bulls showed up. It was a laggered move. And I've talked in the past in these videos about how, you know, these companies aren't directly related, but I see them trading similarly and wondering if that's just the connection people are making. Number one, blue sky breakout euphoria, but you know, quantum is going to need major energy and uranium's the energy of the future and uh anyways, okay, LO at this point, nice hold of support, break of resistance gap is now filled. I would be watching for a potential lower high compared to the 140s and I wouldn't be surprised to just tighten up within this range for a while but burdens on bears in the short term after bulls ended the last week strong CCJ leader in uranium chopping around sideways again just a standard equilibrium I was highlighting on the that's why the drawing is here the similarities of this move big gap up pullback gap down higher low so there's your big pullback from all-time highs gap down higher low uh just a tightening daily range, standard equilibrium. We'll see how that breaks. But uh that's all my focus is going to be on quantum this coming week. I am going to be on the road Monday, so it's going to be tricky going to a music festival this weekend. So that that inherently means I'm going to use less size, but we'll see. So that's pretty much what I'm watching for individual names. Let's go commodities. We'll talk cannabis real quick. So cannabis. So again, one of the reasons I've been interested in cannabis sector for 15 years, but uh one of the reasons I'm more interested now is because Trump is telegraphing clues about potential potential rescheduling. And again, if it's anything like all the other clues that he's given in these other names that then rip when he follows through. Uh that's why the probabilities are high that we're going to get rescheduling news. What we don't know is when. Could be tomorrow, could be three months. I have no idea, but I'm expecting MSOS to chop around within the four to $6 range for a while. It's a very wide range. We're right near the middle of it. Uh so I wouldn't be surprised for just, you know, choppy action around here until we get some kind of news or catalyst TLRY. I'm watching the 4hour tightening range. Sold some into this pop into resistance, reloaded support. Um but it's just a waiting game for this sector. Waiting for a green light and we'll see if we get it. dollar weekly EMA2 is it resistance? Yeah, that's another rejection for me. So last week we said got to pay attention things might be shifting because we closed right on it. That was 9810 and we closed at 9818. So right on that EMA 12, but it's still resistance. So no change just yet daily time frame again. Just chopping around here while that's going on. We know the metals have been on fire. Still just riding daily MA12. Gold Friday, strongest close ever. Silver still itching for all-time highs. We're within a few percent of that right now. And lots of volatility. We had a big drop Thursday. Hourly back burner. Go to silver futures back burner. Hourly. It's hourly back burner into a new high. It's exactly what bulls want to see. Uh definitely, you know, it's it's tricky. You got to manage your risk because, you know, is that a climax top? You got it's more of a sucker punch. You know, sucker punch drop. Got to confirm the downtrend. But, you know, you can still take the trade. You just got to be tight with the stop because you don't want to be trying to buy a back burner right into a euphoria top. But bulls pulled it out again. And so now we have a base of support on silver. pretty much I'm waiting for metals to confirm the first 4hour downtrend in a while for a meaningful shift and I'm watching you know I'm not I'm not going to sell my silver position that I've been holding for a very long time during weekly cons I will sit through weekly consolidation with it because there's so much space for a higher low but I do want to grab short miners I want to grab dust for it I want to soften the draw down that my IRA sees because silver is now 11 or 12% of my IRA as it keeps going up. Um, and so I've been nibbling around here and there. You know, I stop out break even on a dust attempt. I have a little tiny starter right now that I want to add to, but I need signs. I need to lose daily lose daily EMA 12 and I'll I'll grab some more position for weekly consolidation. Uh, that's my game plan for the metals. Oil back down. Oh, I didn't know we dropped that hard. I don't really pay attention to oil during the week. So, yeah, we broke support, lowest level for oil in months. Still monthly pullback. It's going to have to be a monthly inverse head and shoulders if bulls are going to take over. And it would have to be this. There's a a very clear resistance zone 7475 and we would need to set the monthly higher low and higher high. That's not the most likely scenario for me at this point. At this point, I'm watching for an equilibrium on the monthly because of retracement size. We've given back 60% of that bounce. So, I'm going to be watching for the possibility of a monthly equilibrium into 2026, but no sign of a monthly high or low yet. Natural gas. So, yeah, still very weak. Still trying. You know, UNNG is trying to hold this low. NG's trying to hold that low, but just not doing anything. So, I don't have any interest. That's it. That's what I'm watching. I I'm again loving the RGTI volatility in both directions. It's Tesla's my most profitable in my day trade account. It's my most profitable ticker this year and RGTI is number two. And again, both directions, both long and short. And I am I'm excited. Like I'm excited to try again. So, we'll see. Do good things. Appreciate you watching. Check out the long-term patterns live stream from last week. That's on our YouTube channel. There's a whole playlist of 10 long-term patterns videos, and I hope you have a great October. Two days ago, this pumpkin had a couple bunny nibbles out of it, and it was still attached to the vine, and I came out yesterday. And that is a bear trying to get into the pumpkin. How do I know it's a bear? Aside from the giant teeth holes, because I can tell the bear went in the pond. You can see these plants are crushed over. And this is a floaty I put in here to give the fish some shade because the tree fell. And you can see the dirt where the bear had muddy arms from walking in the mud and then put his arms on top of the floaty. I wish I could have seen him playing around on it, but that wasn't dirty like that a couple days ago.