============================================================
Video: ueoMkiFi2vI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Can TSLA Cup and Handle?
Date: 2025-11-01
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4543
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:13.648455
============================================================

Hey everybody, happy Halloween. The month is over. We're heading into November and we ended this past week with a little bit of consolidation. We'll check in on the rotation and whether or not it's healthy for the bulls. Tesla a top watch in the couple weeks ahead. And we'll check in on Quantum Uranium and everything else. All right, so weekly time frame, we've got a bit of a bearish candle this past week because, like I said, we ended with some consolidation, but as we zoom in, there's still no red flags with this pullback at this point. We're filling some of the gaps from the way down. We had an extremely bullish end of last week, start of this week. And so, I'm looking for red flags. I just don't see any at this point. As I mentioned in the last video, what bulls want to see is a back test of this resistance zone hold as support. And if we do that, it's going to be just another higher low forming and the bulls maintaining that control. So, daily EMA 12 coming into play. We haven't hit hourly oversold yet. Actually, the S&amp;P 500 just barely got there. No, just missed. So, we got real close. Not officially hitting hourly oversold. And again, that matters to me just because I look for hourly oversold to mark daily higher lows. And I've been patient personally waiting for it in some areas. And that also tells me again if we hit hourly oversold, we start a bounce and we drop to a lower low. That's a little check mark for the bears. But we haven't hit hourly oversold yet, so we're not getting that information. So, we are watching the reaction to earnings as we're making our way through the end of earnings season. This past week, we had Amazon with a big bull reaction, Meta with a big bear reaction, but working our way through that NASDAQ weekly charts a little bit stronger. Again, just EMA12 writer like the webinar that I did on our YouTube channel. If you want to keep it simple, if weekly EMA 12 is support, nothing is changing bigger picture. But I'm more zoomed in than that. And again, same thing. NASDAQ previous resistance levels not in play as support at this point. Daily inside bar Friday, we were watching a 4hour equilibrium where we have the all-time high, low of Thursday, lower high on the reaction to Amazon and Apple earnings and just tightening up again. If this breaks bear, we look for hourly oversold. We look for a daily higher low. We watch EMA 12. There is a gap down here to be paying attention to. If we're going to see something different, it would be a big enough pullback to create the space to confirm the first daily downtrend in six months. If that doesn't happen, the bulls keep their control. So, that's what I'm watching. We got the semiconductors still in control as the lead bull. And again, just in the back of our mind, we remind ourselves, okay, it's a bullish sector. It's a bullish chart, but we've seen a weekly stairst step with a higher low every single week for two months. We know consolidation is coming. That's inevitable. When that weekly consolidation comes in SMH, the way that I view things is NVDA drives SMH. SMH semiconductors drive the NASDAQ. The NASDAQ drives the S&amp;P 500. That's the importance of all these individual things. And so when semis pull back on the weekly, what do the other sectors do? And that was my question on the daily this past week. Okay, we just gapped up couple days in a row, three out of four days straight up all-time highs. NVDA was surging to new all-time highs with their presentation and all that. When SMH starts daily consolidation, what are the other major sectors doing? And on Thursday, there was a point in the morning where SMH and Kikq were both down, you know, one and a half percent and XLF was green by over a percent and XLV was green by over a percent. And the w the reason I'm watching that is again, are funds shifting around or is everything selling together? And I'm just looking for red flags. I've got my thesis. I'm bullish. We're in an uptrend. And I'm looking for signs that tell me I should change that. And on this consolidation so far, there's nothing telling me I should change that mindset. So, we'll continue watching what this consolidation looks like next week. SMH hourly RSI didn't get oversold. We'll watch for a daily higher low. Back test of resistance as support. EMA 12, an hourly oversold as we scout a daily higher low with tons of space for it to form. As I mentioned, NVDA has been leading the way up again, pulling back, but we went straight up. We just went from 176 to 212 in a matter of days. The amount of market cap that that gain is is massive. 20% in 5 days. So, yeah, you know, consolidation is inevitable and that's where we are. We are in consolidation. XLF as I mentioned. So this is the monthly chart. Monthly consolidation's underway. And XLF really hasn't done much on the year. You can see uh January we closed at 5147, February 5218, and here we are 5237. So it's been a whole lot of sideways bigger picture. And again, just the daily chart tightening up. Got a base of support down here near our sucker punch low. We've got a bunch of resistance and we're just chopping around. And so I am patiently watching to see which direction does the financial sector break this range. As far as I'm concerned, the broader market, we digested the sucker punch range for a while and then we surged bull through it. XLF hasn't reached a conclusion of its sucker punch sideways consolidation. XLV I'm keeping an eye out for the possibility of a monthly pullback because anything under 15032 is a monthly lower high. Then we'll watch can the bulls shape up a monthly inverse head and shoulders for a yearly higher low. We'll talk about that later probably towards the end of the year. But I'm just keeping in mind that if we don't break that level, we could be keeping an eye out for the possibility of monthly consolidation. So I zoom into the weekly. Okay, a weekly bull flag confirmed with zero follow-through. Often times flags confirming with zero follow-through can mark a reversal. And so I'm watching for that as well. And we can pull up if we want to smooth things out. Two-day time frame, still an uptrend, but again, just keeping an eye out for the possibility of things shift here. And so laying out a scenario of what it would look like if we were to get bearish action here, it would be I had to pause and lost my train of thought, but what a red flag would look like for me is if SMH starts weekly consolidation and while that happens, XLV breaks this support and is down in the upper 130s and XLF breaks the sucker punch low. That would be a red flag for me. If semis pull back and XLF is bouncing up and testing here and XLV is, you know, trading side, whatever, then it's no red flag. So essentially, I've got to see all the major sectors showing me weakness at the same time. Otherwise, it's just going to be the same rotation game that we've been seeing for two plus years at this point. IWM little rising wedgie bull breaks not really getting follow through. Here was a bull break straight into consolidation. And look how many times we've been doing that. Pullback straight into consolidation or new high I should say. New high straight into a pullback. Get right up to resistance straight into a pullback. So lot of choppy sideways action here as well. I still have a small piece of an IWM runner, but I'll ditch that pretty quickly. Pretty much a break of 240 and I would want to be out of that. And again, same thing. We're just grinding up here. We know monthly consolidation is going to be inevitable, but need proof that it is shaping up. So, the way that I'm approaching markets right now is again, I have a bullish bias until proven otherwise, but it's okay if you are taking longs off the table because you are a bit uncomfortable. What I would suggest not doing is constantly looking short against uptrends. And again, you know, as I've been saying, I will gladly shift my mindset not at the top. I'm not trying to nail the top. And by giving up that desire to nail the top, I have been able to go with the trend the last bunch of months. Uh, and that's been psychologically a nice easy way to go about it. And again, if there is any kind of meaningful pullback, there will be plenty of opportunity along the way. So, taking some protection in terms of taking some longs off the table, I'm all for it. But it's not time to be aggressively looking bearish until the bears give us a reason to because again, I could pick out six spots on this chart over the last four months where this is it. This could be it. We're rolling over. I mean, little quick sucker punches that just don't follow through. Biotech sector is extremely strong. Look at this long-term monthly base that we held. How's that for a support level? 6 years, 7 years of just a 5% range being the level. And then we go 65% straight up off of it to the highest levels in three and a half years. And XBI just keeps heading higher. Look at this daily EMA 12 rider. We just been holding it for months. Nothing changes if daily EMA 12 is support. In terms of the next resistance level, we don't have a ton nearby. We're looking back at previous support, then resistance in the 118s. Again, same thing. We're very due for weekly consolidation here. Am I going to be trying to short the strongest sector, looking for that consolidation? No. But I just remind myself it's coming. I'll be looking for a weekly higher low eventually in the biotech sector. Maybe four weeks from now. Who knows? But for now, nothing changes if daily EMA 12 is support. All right, Tesla. The reason I'm interested in Tesla is because it's a potential weekly cup and handle. And I like the setup. And so I've got a position and I'm actively trading it on a daily basis because volatility is returning a bit. And I'm trying to size up my swing size with risk-free positions. So, if I can, you know, day trade, let's just use Friday as an example. You know, if I can be in at 447 and sell half at 451 and now my break even is down at 443, whatever. Stick a break even stop on that position and try and hold for long or for more. Bulls have to break and there's some events coming up this coming week. I think it's the 6th on Thursday. We have the vote and Elon's compensation package. Elon was just on Rogan talking about a potential unveil in the short term flying car. Who knows? But uh potential catalysts to keep an eye on. And I can't stress enough eliminating your bias, it is costing you money. Whatever your political leanings, whatever you feel about Elon Musk, if you can ditch that and just look at the numbers and the colors on the screen and the lines, you can make money. Doesn't matter if you like him. Doesn't matter if you think he's crazy and his timelines never follow through. You could still make money. All I care about are the potential catalysts to increase volatility and the price levels. And so much of what I see on X, whether it's Bitcoin's a scam, okay, but it can still change your life if you are open enough to just trading the price action. Try and eliminate your biases. Biases biases. Try and eliminate that as much as you can. And again, just the way that I separate reality from flashing numbers in cyerspace greatly helps me take advantage of price action regardless of my personal beliefs on anything. So Tesla is a potential cup and handle. There were a few other ones we were watching. Bulls would need to get over 47075 and then it's the all-time high. We had a a solid drop on Friday and then a significant dip by look at the 15minute here. Break the low of the day right back up to the high. So top lunch I have moved a stop up under 439. If that level breaks the probability of a weekly cup and handle is still possible. It just becomes less likely then. So that's my important short-term support. That's our daily higher low. And we want to see the bulls get over this resistance zone this coming week. And some other names that we were watching, Apple was a weekly cup and handle that has confirmed. And PLTR was a weekly cup and handle that confirmed. So, can Tesla do the same? PLTR just keeps going higher. Earnings coming up. We've had a pretty mixed earnings tech season where again, Meta, Big Bear, Big Bear. I'll be looking for a potential bounce play this coming week. I'd like a gap down open on Monday to have me interested, but Amazon the opposite. Definitely profit taking on Friday, but a big gap up. Apple was a bit of a mixed a big gap up. Apple was a bit of a mixed a big gap up. Apple was a bit of a mixed bag. Not really a big deal. Microsoft bullish initial reaction, then bearish. All in all, I think the the longs have offset or the bulls have offset the bears pretty even uh earning season. Google was bullish. All right, Quantum Quantum tightening daily ranges earnings for OQ the sector leader are Wednesday. That's going to dictate a lot. We're looking for weekly higher lows, bigger picture, not necessarily on ONQ. It's less clear, but on its peers. So, RGTI, we're looking for a weekly higher low QBTS. We're looking for a weekly higher low right off EMA2, but O andQ earnings is definitely going to have an impact. And for right now, it's just a tightening daily range low, high of the bounce, higher low. We had multiple inside bars break bull on Friday. Bulls have to confirm the uptrend by getting over 6550 to get that weekly bounce going, but possible we keep tightening up for a few days, waiting for earnings. QBTS already confirmed the daily uptrend just barely. So, it's a bit stronger. And RGTI, same thing. Daily uptrend confirmed a bit stronger. And again, you look at these weekly charts, it doesn't scream blowoff top to me. We would need to break the lows of consolidation to have confidence that a longerterm top is being set. And I will be watching for the possibility. Again, depends on earnings, but at this point, I would be watching for a possible weekly lower high if we do get a bit of follow through to then tighten up tighten up on the weekly time frame. But there were multiple days where this sector this past week just completely ignored the NASDAQ. I mean, look at this. We had these names up like six or seven% on Thursday, while the NASDAQ had a solid red day on Thursday. So, correlation tough. Uh but you can it can help you identify you know Tesla's bullish correlation to the NASDAQ stood out Friday morning within the first oh seven minutes of trading or something like that and it shifts throughout the day. There are often times where being able to identify if something has a bullish correlation or a bearish correlation to the NASDAQ that just switches my brain to say either a only look in that direction for trades or b don't look in the other direction because so many days I'll head into the day I'm open to trading quantum names bearish or bullish today whatever I get I don't care and watching how they trade comparative to the NASDAQ helps give me clues in terms of which D direction to look. But again, we get information from markets and charts. It doesn't have to be how should I act? The information of how shouldn't I act can also be very valuable. And again, just that exact reason. If I'm looking long, let's just say I'm looking short. I'm looking short RGTI on Thursday and I see RGTI, you know, hit a new high of the day and go up while the NASDAQ's going down. I can just say, "Don't short quantum today." And it just prevents me from fighting momentum and can save me money. It's not going to make me money. That statement, "I'm not shorting quantum today," isn't going to make me any money, but it's potentially going to save me money. And then it maybe opens the door where now I have, you know, I'm not using my attention span elsewhere and I can go find another trade and make money on that trade as opposed to looking counter momentum on quantum. But tightening ranges, INQ earnings will be key and I am open to keeping an eye out for weekly lower highs and tightening weekly ranges. Uranium CCJ the bummer for me about earning season is uh there's a lot of setups that I like that I have to pass on. For example, CCJ daily higher low is the most likely scenario. Big headline surge to all-time highs back test of $100 psychological support but earnings are Wednesday. So, normally if earnings were not this week, this would be my top watch, a top watch in the week ahead looking for the daily higher low because I know that's the most likely scenario. But with only a few days before earnings, I'm not going to look to establish a swing position because I won't have any kind of profit cushion that would make me comfortable sitting through the gamble of earnings. So, there are so many setups that I look at in earning season where I say, "Oh, I like this setup." And then I see the little purple square that says E. say, "Ah, no, not the setup for me." CRWV is another one. I've been watching this one for the weekly inverse head and shoulders. We've been looking for a weekly higher low. It's now officially set, but daily big bounce. We know there's space for a daily higher low, but same deal. If I'm looking from a swing trade perspective, I know that this isn't really enough time for the trade to play out for me. So, I'm less interested or not interested. And that's fine. That's just what I've come to learn as part of my trading style is not looking for swing entries in, you know, a week before earnings. It's not enough time. All right, let's talk about commodities. Well, actually rare earth first. So, I'm viewing again, we've got, you know, we've we've got the quantum name scouting weekly higher lows, but also rare earth and metals, gold and silver. So the rare earth names MP looks a little bit different. Earnings for MP will impact the sector this coming week on Thursday. But I am interested in low cap CRML because again look at this play and we ran through you know hype and euphoria very fast in these rare earth names with the China stuff. Uh but it just means uh opportunity to reload in my opinion in the sense that okay we just went from six to you we just went up 500% in 3 weeks. We then gave back 65 70% of it. A weekly higher low is the most likely scenario. And even if we get the most likely scenario of a tightening range you know a weekly higher low bounce can give you 40% fairly easily even just from this low. You know what would a 40% move off that low be? That's up to 1570s. Certainly feasible. So, we're scouting this weekly higher low. We know MP earnings are going to be a factor. And we had a daily inside bar Friday. If that breaks bull to start this week ahead, the weekly higher low will be shaping up. And the next major resistance zone 1627 and 1640 was a little double top. That's going to be tough. So, I care about 1385 and then six. Nope, I don't have my magnet on. I care about 1388 and 1640 as two key levels. And the burden of proof is on bulls here to come off this low. But I like scouting a weekly higher low as the most likely scenario, weekly EMA 12 rider for the last bunch of months. So, with that, the medals, let's go dollar first. Dollar inside bars broke bull. Highest level for the dollar in months. We're looking at 126 is the next level. We're making note. We have not confirmed the weekly trend change yet. So that has to happen eventually. We'll top out at some point. We'll set a weekly higher low. Can we confirm the uptrend? But metals, we're scouting weekly higher lows as the most likely scenario. Here's silver. Is there any red flag on this silver chart? No, not at all. when you go straight up, you know, periods of consolidation going to happen. And that's what we have. And if EMA12 is holding, the bulls are just fine. And so we have a potential 12-hour inverse head and shoulders. And it would look like this if it's going to confirm. We've got neckline resistance. We've got left shoulder, head, and now we're starting consolidation for potential right shoulder. I had sold half of my long-term silver position on Thursday back there and I reloaded half of it. Forget exactly which day. Probably Tuesday or Wednesday. Uh and I reloaded half of it. Why? Because again, number one, it's a long-term position. I'm just looking at when did I reload? Yeah, Tuesday. Yeah, Tuesday was a good day. Uh, so why am I reloading? Number one, a weekly higher low is the most likely scenario. Number two, this is a long-term position. I want my long-term position. If the trade smacks me in the face, I say, "Okay, we're euphoric. I got to take some off." I'm not going to be picky reloading 15% lower. 15% lower, great. I'll add half of that back. Another leg down, I'll add back the next half. and then from there it'll be back to a long-term uh time frame mindset. But when I'm reloading a position that I want to have for the long term, you know, maybe I want to hold this silver position for two more years. I don't know. We have to take it one week at a time. But uh I'm not picky on the reload. And that's very different for me than initiating a new position. I'm I'm very picky initiating a new position. When I got a bunch of profit cushion and I'm reloading after selling higher, I'm much less picky. And so that's where I stand on silver and gold. Still a daily down. Actually, actually haven't officially confirmed a daily downtrend. That's interesting. Just a daily stairst step drop. It's a potential daily bare flag. We'll watch weekly E MA12. We haven't gotten there yet. And again, bulls would want to hold, just like we're watching on the broader market, bulls would want to hold a back test of this resistance as support. That's still not close to being in play. So over the next couple of weeks, we're watching for the weekly higher low to be established in metals. And eventually, we'll have to see monthly consolidation. I mean, gold hasn't seen monthly consolidation. We've been in a monthly stairst step 11 months. We know it's coming. And then we'll watch monthly EMA 12. Is that the volume climax candle? That's entirely possible, but a weekly higher low is the most likely scenario in November. [clears throat] All right, that's what we got for the week. Nope. Oil Oil still a weekly downtrend haven't confirmed a daily uptrend yet. Bulls need to get back over 6259 for the first step towards a monthly higher low. And again, I am going to be viewing this. I've talked about it a bunch. Monthly equilibrium is the most likely scenario for me and so we'll see if we get that to end this year. But bull if bulls confirm the daily uptrend, it will be the monthly higher low. Again, the monthly candle is closed now. It will be that higher low being set. And natural gas still battling this base of support and trying to get over this little wall here. We are making some progress. Bulls are shifting a bit. I'm watching UNNG. So, UNNG daily uptrend is confirmed and the goal for the bulls from here is get over 1407 to be putting in a longerterm bottom. And if that happens, it's a weekly bare flag that confirmed with zero followthrough, which has marked a bottom in natural gas before. And so, we'll be keeping an eye out if that's happening again. All right. Tesla remains a top watch for me. Can it be a in or a cup and handle? me. Can it be a in or a cup and handle? me. Can it be a in or a cup and handle? We've got quantum tightening up. We're scouting a weekly higher low in CRML, gold and silver. Watching the rotation game when semiconductors see weekly consolidation. What are our other major sectors doing at that point? Biotech sector daily EMA 12 rider as a guide. Being cautious as a bull is just fine. We've certainly gone up enough where that is warranted. But being an aggressive bear, fighting trends, there's there's things out there that are in downtrends. That's fine. But fighting the bulls, I just don't advise it until we get an indication that it's safe to do so. You don't want to be the first guy that steps into the ring with the bull and gets gored. You want to see a couple guys have a little success with the bull the we're talking Bears. No, we're fighting the bulls. You want to see some guys have some success and not get gored to death? Okay, then I'll hop in the ring with the bull. That's my mindset. Do good things. Hope you had a good Halloween and we'll see you soon.