============================================================
Video: udtLtItXFlw
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Are Markets Forming Weekly Pullbacks?
Date: 2025-09-27
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6858
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:23.724395
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to check in on the broader markets as we had a bit of a pullback here towards the end of September. Is it the start of bigger picture weekly consolidation or just another quick dip before all-time highs? Metals are surging. Silver's got all-time highs in its sight. Tons of volatility in quantum and uranium stocks. Let's check in on the market. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders, as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. Just a note, this Thursday I'm going to do a live stream at 5:00 p. p.m. Eastern, one of the uh longerterm patterns videos. It's a series I've been doing over the last few years, and it's the end of Q3, so time to do an update there. We'll post a link in things, but Thursday after hours long-term patterns video update. So, we're going to look at all the major sectors here and then we will look at a bunch of individual names like Tesla, quantum, uranium, oko, uh, and then commodities. But bigger picture first, zoomed out, starting with the S&amp;P 500. You're going to hear me talk about EMA 12 riders a good bit in this video. And that is something that shows us strong trends. And I'm going to do a webinar on EMA12 riders at some point later this month. So keep an eye out on that. But uh for right now, we are riding weekly EMA 12 support on the S&amp;P 500. We actually haven't even touched it in months. But that's a nice bigger picture guide. We know what we have been using, what I have been using is the fact that we have not confirmed a clear daily downtrend in five plus months. And when that happens, I will shift a bit. But until that happens, nothing changes. We saw a decent pullback earlier this week, but we are still in a daily uptrend. And again, it was just shifting the EMA riders. We'll go to the NASDAQ. I started last week into this week saying if we're holding 4hour EMA 12, nothing changes. The bulls have absolute complete control because after the FOMC reaction, we held it again and again three times riding it up. And then when we lost it, that is when things shifted. It was right there. That candle tells us, okay, we had an EMA12 guide. Nothing changes until we lose it. Okay, we've lost it. Now we look for the possibility that things change and and shift. And so that then led into multiple days of consolidation. As soon as we lose the 4our EMA 12 support on the 4 hour, I then zoom out and watch it on the daily because we've been holding it on the daily as well and we just held it again to end this past week. And when we lose it on the daily, I'll go to the weekly. And when we lose it on the weekly, I'll go to the monthly. And just a quick example, we'll look at this more in depth in just a moment, but gold has been doing this for so long. Gold daily EMA 12, the weekly EMA 12. Look how long it's been holding. This has been holding literally the entire year, and it has kept me in my silver position because it just keeps holding. So, we're going to talk a lot more in depth in the webinar about EMA2 riders, how to make entries off of them, how to use them as our guides. But uh it has it was definitely relevant for me this past week. So where we stand right now, the question that we have into next week is do we confirm the daily downtrend for the first time in five months? What would that look like? Well, Friday was an inside bar. It was a bullish day. But if we fail the all-time high and then break the low of Thursday, the daily downtrend is confirmed and it would be a head and shoulders pattern. That is on the table as a possibility. But we have to remind ourselves the burden's on bears. Prove it bears. Prove to us that something is shifting. Otherwise, we're just going to assume that it is going to stay the same. It's like Newton. Uh object in motion remains in motion unless acted upon by an outside force. Pulling back high school there. Um essentially meaning it's much easier to stay with the trend than to change trends. So I'm staying with the trend until the trend changes. And so we're watching, you know, again, if you want to if you're in a heavy long portfolio and you're really pleased with your year, definitely look for a spot to potentially grab a hedge and, you know, short here and then if we break all-time highs, you maybe exit. Uh there's many different ways to still hedge and protect even if we are still in a daily uptrend. But that's down to the individual. I'll talk a bit more about what I'm doing and how I've been trading recently the second half of this video. But uh it's just that's the question. Do we confirm the daily downtrend or not? If we do, it's time to be a little bit more cautious as a bull. You know, we can easily consolidate into October. The statistic for the NASDAQ in October is again roughly speaking uh something like 85% of the time we will close higher at the end of the year than the low of October. And that's going back 30 plus years in terms of that probability. So, uh, looking for a longer term swing entry at October lows has been very worthwhile for many, many years. And so, I would love to see monthly consolidation and a monthly higher low set October into November, but there's no sign of it at this point. NASDAQ, same deal. Do we confirm the daily downtrend or not? And there is space for a lower high in the sense that, you know, even if we start this coming week green, we can bounce a percent from the close on Friday and still potentially form a lower high. So that's what I'm going to be watching for at this point. And again, if we if the bears prove something, great. We zoom out to the weekly and we watch weekly EMA 12. That'll be my next target as far as looking to see if the weekly uptrend can remain intact as it has for the last five months. Semiconductors weekly time frame chopped sideways for a bit then got a big leg up right off weekly EMA 12. Go to the daily daily higher low right off daily EMA 12. noticing a lot the last month. There's a lot of names that defend against the gap fill into holding strong. You got UNH that did it back here defending this gap fill, but a lot of names have been doing that in this strong market environment. And so again, same thing. Does SMH set a daily lower high? And pretty much the low of Thursday is the most important support level for me this coming week. Do we break the low of Thursday and confirm the daily downtrend or hold it and keep complete control? Daily EMA 12 has been the pivot point for the higher lows to form. NVDA is not leading the way. It's a choppy mess. The resistance zone is very clear. You can see it from space this week. We had uh what was the headline? I I honestly forget at this point uh was it NV NVDA and INTC had a headline. That's not why NVDA shot up here. Uh you got to look that up on your own. I forget the reason, but we shot up smacked right off that top. That is now the resistance level from space and we're chopping sideways. And again, while that has been happening, MU has been a leader. Not this past week, but TSM had been a leader. So, there has been rotation going on. And uh Envy, again, that's how you see trading so often in strong trending markets. the leader makes its monster move. It trades sideways and then profits distribute out to the lagards. And so that's what's been going on in the semiconductor sector over the last couple of months. But definitely still paying attention to NVDA. You know, you give me this daily chart and say, "What's the most likely scenario?" And I say, "I don't know." That's why I'm not going to trade NVDA because I can find a chart where I know the most likely scenario. For example, INTC heading into this past week, we knew a daily higher low was the most likely result of that pullback. How did we know that? Because we just saw a significant breakout and we have tons of space. We're aware that we're in a gap fill that there's no clear price levels of support, but we know the daily higher low is coming. Do we know a daily higher low into continuation is coming? No, we can't say that that's the most likely scenario just as, you know, Monday after the close. We can't say that's the most likely scenario, but we know the most likely scenario is the daily higher low. So, we can position for it, put our stop under that low. If we're wrong, we lose a little bit. If we're right, we gain a lot more than we could potentially lose. That's trading 101, obviously. And so, the headlines have been rolling in on INTC. It's got a key resistance test approaching. But monster move off the low. That's one of those balancing scales bottoms. Google that if you don't know what that is, but uh INTC daily higher low is going to be the most likely result of the next consolidation whenever it happens. So that's been a nice move recently. XLV Healthcare. So big bear break on Thursday. solid recovery Friday inside bar, but we dropped to six week lows and there was a gap here that filled if you're adjusted for the dividends. the gap was at 13410 and so that has filled and I'm watching pretty closely this week because we are either going to head back towards these lows and stay the weakest major sector which XLV has been the weakest major sector all year comparing it to you know financials semiconductors big tech but if the bulls can pull off this weekly uptrend that will be significant for me in terms of again just continued rotation keeping the market strong. So, I'm watching for that. That would lead to a bull cross of EMA 12 and 26 on the weekly time frame if the bulls can pull that off. Uh, and so the burden's on bulls on XLV where it's on bears most everywhere else. So, keeping an eye on that. UNH, we started this week looking for a 4hour falling wedge to set a two-day higher low. Why did I use the two-day time frame rather than the daily? Just to smooth it out a little bit. uh and this broke bull. We talked about this on our Monday morning live stream with the chart guys, but uh again just on the daily chart at that point in time, you know, is this a downtrend? We had a dinky little pivot into a new low. Is that a daily downtrend? You could say yes, you could say no. Both, you know, I would accept both answers depending on your reasoning. But if you go to the two-day time frame, very clear the two-day higher low is the most likely scenario after the breakout and that has now been set. So, we're tightening up on UNH and we have our most important support and our most important resistances and it's just patiently waiting to see how this breaks. If XLV sets the weekly higher low, this is going to break bull. If XLV stays weaker and heads back down towards its recent double bottom on the monthly, then UNH would likely break this support and enter bigger picture weekly consolidation. So, watching those two names pretty closely. That's pretty much all I'm watching in healthcare as far as individual names is UNH. Uh, you know, I love climax bottoms and bounces and, uh, that was a fun one. Recently, financial sector, I was watching this daily rising wedge technically confirmed. And again, so often rising and falling wedges then turn into head and shoulders or inverse head and shoulders where you could say, okay, the rising wedge confirmed, but if it's going to follow through, it has to be a head and shoulders. And so this would be the left shoulder. You know, it's a little wonky, but this is how I would view it. So again, same thing as the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. Do we confirm the daily downtrend or not? Do we set a daily lower high and break 5324 support to follow through or not? That's what it's going to boil down to. And we're coming off of the all-time high. And again, if you're unadjusted for the dividend, it was a double top to the penny that led to that initial weakness. Go to the weekly chart. Still just fine, right? Weekly EMA 12 rider. Uh so we're getting to a point here, you know, early October, first week, you know, the last couple days of September, first week of October, we're going to get a good bit of information, uh as far as, you know, right now we're on the edge of our seat a little bit, just paying a little bit more attention after the weakness this past week for a few days. Are we about to shift into weekly consolidation and see some red for a couple of weeks? Uh and these are the the clues that are going to help us determine if that's happening or not. IWM. Took a little profit in IWM. So, I had a swing position back here. I'm sure I took some profit at some point. I forget off the top of my head, but I took a little more profit this week when we lost this daily higher low support. And what that does by taking a little bit more profit, the position that I have left is now very profitable. You know, my break even is probably down at 200. Uh, but that also now gives me a position size where I'm fine sitting through weekly consolidation. I really don't like sitting through weekly consolidation with bigger position sizes obviously. But when I size down a little bit, I then accept it and say, "Okay, you know, that has to happen for prolonged uptrends to follow through." You have to sit through weekly and monthly consolidation. And so by sizing down, I have now accepted I'm back to being in the flow of things saying, "All right, if you know, if we need to head back down to weekly EMA 12, that's fine. I'll have plenty of profit cushion. you know, it won't significantly hurt me if that happens. Uh, but a little bit of a shift again. Same thing. We lost the uptrend. Do we confirm the downtrend? The S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ have lost the daily uptrend multiple times the last five months. We lost it here. Do we confirm the daily downtrend? No. Okay, keep going. That's happened a handful of times. So, that's what we're looking for on IWM. I've been watching for rotation from semis and big tech into healthcare, biotech, IWM. IWM divided by QQQ had that double top. We probably talked about it and we're chopping around here. You know, we're chopping around sideways and the burdens on IWM bulls to show us the rotation is taking place. And essentially, we're watching for can this chart IWM divided by QQQ. Can this confirm the first weekly uptrend? When's the last time that's happened? Haven't seen a weekly uptrend all year. Can we confirm a weekly uptrend for the first time in 2025 to show us there is a more significant rotation taking place? That's what we're watching for into October. That's what I have been positioned for. And you know, the way my IRA has been positioned is I had some SQQ. I'm long spy and IWM and a bunch of other stuff silver and all that, but uh there are some days where it goes really well where IWM's green and KQ is red and but that doesn't that hasn't lasted long. We don't get like three days of that in a row. It really it lasts a day and then we get other days where you know semiconductors NVDA gets the headline, they shoot up, IWM's weaker. So I haven't essentially I just haven't gotten a clear answer as to whether I'm right or wrong yet with that positioning and so I am going to be looking for that soon. Tell me if I'm right or wrong. Biotech sector is a lead bull still daily EMA 12 rider. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. So we're up testing this recent high. Not many individual sectors are testing their high just yet. And this is there's a hummingbird right in front of me. This is the highest price. We're testing the highest price that we've seen all year. So, we've had a significant shift in XBI that has been helping the psychedelic sector. I've been talking about psychedelic sectors in their own videos just because they're low cap penny stocks, but they're some of my bigger winners this year. ATI up 100% plus in that one. CMPS up 100% plus in that one. Um, again, as high risk, high reward as you can get in markets, but they do have a correlation to the biotech sector. And so some of these names, you know, we close the week pretty strong as XBI And lastly, this REMX. Uh, so rare earth metals, we know lithium's been getting some headline attention here. We'll talk about that in just a moment. Again, EMA rider. We had been rejecting from monthly EMA 12 again, again, again, again. Look at what happens when we get over it. We close over monthly EMA 12 for the first time in years. And you might think, I missed that move because at that point in time, off the low, we were up 52% when that monthly candle closed uh June or was that July? July. But we're now up 35%. From that point, everything changed. What I love about the EMA rider is the character of the chart changes. Everything changed about this chart once we got over that. The volume, the follow through. The downside is I had a swing position here in the 40s looking for this shift. I was trying to anticipate the shift uh with this monthly higher low here. I was looking for this to be the trend change. And so I held this swing position puttering around for three months doing absolutely nothing. And I stopped out. Uh and I just got completely bored with it and I was one move too early. And that's fine. I've made money elsewhere. But a little lesson for me. So had the right thesis but a little bit wrong in the timing. And this this name has just been surging uh again months without touching weekly EMA 12. And this is one of the reasons I don't like it is because of how many gaps and you know what that looks like on a chart. But that's why you got to stay zoomed out. And so the headlines with LIIT or LAC. So LIT is the lithium ETF and it's very similar. It's doing the same thing off the bottom. Again, it was all bears and the past four months a significant shift has taken place to the tune of almost 100%. And LAC got the, you know, Trump wants to invest headline. Just absolute monster move. This was a fun one to trade after hours. This one minute higher low gave a really good opportunity that a number of us were trading on. Where was it? Anyways, no, can't find it. Uh, LAC shut up 150% in two days. We're again, same thing. What's the most likely scenario here? A daily higher low. We'll watch to see if hourly oversold conditions. Well, it looks like it hit after hours. Yep, we hit hourly oversold after hours. That was the entry Friday after hours. If you were paying attention, good on you. But I certainly wasn't. Dipped down to 530, close at 620. I mean already up almost 20% from that flash low. Uh the reason for that was potentially you know a headline saying someone less than 10% stake looking to just give them cash. I don't know. Uh you definitely got to follow the headlines with this names but but we are looking for that daily higher low and so that has benefited uh rare earths. There's there's a shift going on towards hard assets as gold has been surging all-time highs. Silver's now heading towards it. lithium, uranium, uh, commodities. And again, just another shout out to this book because I enjoyed reading it. I don't really know much about the author, but listen when markets speak. It's not exactly it but uh the thesis in this mark in this book was essentially you know shifting from uh a more abstract AI tech heavy portfolio shifting towards commodities as uh the the bigger picture starts to get a little bit more turmoil. Uh anyways I enjoyed reading it and uh it's potentially shaping up. So maybe check it out if you like. I don't like reading about trading books, but I enjoyed that one. Um, all right. I think we're going to go now to individual names. Tesla and commodities. One moment. All right. So, Quantum and Uranium. I had a ton of fun trading these names this past week. And, you know, September, my day trade account wasn't really doing much. And I wasn't, you know, I'm at a point in the year where I'm comfortable just if it ends right now, I'm happy. And so, you know, I don't feel like I need to keep pushing the pedal to the metal to try and keep racking up gains. So, that's keeping me patient. But, you know, this past week, September, the previous three weeks, I hadn't really done much. And this past week I, you know, tripled my September returns through actively trading this volatility because this is, you know, it's the kind of volatility where I reminisce about when it's going to be gone because of how good it is in the time being and it's going to stay good this coming week. Again, it's wide ranges, but I know that towards the end of the year, the volatility is going to shrink and we just go through those cycles where it's expansion and then contraction. Um, but we'll start with ONQ and Quantum. And again, the backdrop is Euphoria. Massive runs. These names are up, you know, 1 to 4,000% in the last year. And we're at the point where fundamentals don't make sense. And the fundamental bears are getting run over because they're looking at everything that doesn't make sense. But what I find the number one issue with a fundamental bear is they don't allow for an extremely long leash of where retail emotions can take. And of course big money, you know, big money recognizes a lack of resistance and the ability to just run things up 100% in two weeks, but uh they don't anticipate the power of those heightened FOMO emotions. And so we just had a straightup surge. IO and NQ talked about the swing position last week, I assume, but uh I was taking profit in the 50s and in the 60s. Same thing with IWM. I got I'm now at a position size where I'm comfortable sitting through daily consolidation because I know it's coming. We just ran straight up, you know, almost 100% in two weeks. And so we're scouting a daily higher low. We're watching EMA12. It's a daily stair step up. That pattern broke at 7145. Seems so h simple in hindsight, right? Lose a daily stairst step, bears follow through. We're now in a stairst step drop. Lower high every day for three days. So, we're going to look for a daily higher low eventually, but we're also getting ready for weekly consolidation because again, since last weekly consolidation, we just ran over 100%. And some of the other names ran harder. And so, uh I was looking for the pullback here. And I have a rule. Do not short blue sky bulls. And I will follow that rule 99% of the time to ensure that I'm trading with the trend and not trying to step in front of a runaway bull. Um, and there are times where I will break that and MSTR, you know, I shorted that top that day. I didn't hold it long enough, of course, which is, you know, the story of my life with shorts because my edge is a bounce long trader, but I'm getting better and better at shorts over the years. Um, and now I'm trying to work on my short swing game and um, so I have to balance the fact that I am a 15-year experienced professional trader and I want to share what I'm doing, but I don't want to hurt people in the sense that, you know, I was shorting RGTI and I was days early. I shorted probably Monday and Tuesday and we kept going up. You know, if you ask even the chart guys community, what percent of traders in the chart guys community should attempt this short? It's 10% at most. And so when I'm sharing what I'm doing, I also want to be protecting people saying like don't do what I'm doing essentially unless you've got this experience and confidence. And you know the the prime example of that and one of the reasons that you know I share my swing trades and stuff because generally they're slower to develop uh and I share day trades but there are some day trades that I don't share. The reason is uh they take a ton of positioning where for example you know the these moves on RGTI as the bulls kept their control uh I still was able to position for I forget if it was Tuesday or or Wednesday but one of these days I had 11 orders in less than five minutes of trading between 9:30 and 9:35 I had already placed 11 orders in terms of you know short short cover cover, cover, cover, cover of just scaling into some size, scaling out half of the position, and then trying to let the runner swing position play out. And then we would Vshape and close at the high, and I would have to exit that position and say, "Nope, not yet." And be fortunately, you know, these these moves were forgiving in the sense that there's an 8% drop. Okay, I can position in that. And then on Wednesday, we had an 11% drop. So, if I'm selling half my position, you know, I'm giving back profit. This was a frustrating one where it's like, I got such a good entry here. I had set this was perfect and then by the end of the day, oh my god, we recovered again. And it's just, you know, I I still was making money short those days, but I was giving back. You know, I'd be up a 4 day maker and then I'd only end the day up a day maker because I tried to hold the runner and bulls recovered again. And so we finally rolled over and it it was worthwhile and I had a really good week uh when we did finally roll over. But I have been so impressed with RGTI these back burners. We had five minute back burner on Tuesday Vshape new highs. We had a 15minute back burner on Thursday Vshape to new highs. We had a 30 minute back burner on Thursday V-shaped to new highs and fortunately actually not new highs in terms of all-time high. Fortunately, I was covering you know I I had swung trade some short Wednesday into Thursday because of the Wednesday drop have some profit cushion as opposed to closing at the high where that's a lot more stressful if you're a bear and so covered into the initial weakness of Wednesday. Okay, a low was a big one. and we'll look at that in just a moment. But bulls are still hanging on here. I'm watching for the possibility of a 4hour downtrend, but we've got RGTI is the clear lead bull in quantum. We have our all-time high. We pulled back and set a quick higher low. We failed the all-time high. So, we have a tightening range here. If this breaks bear, it will lead to weekly consolidation. Uh, and so I do have a little bit of a Uh, and so I do have a little bit of a Uh, and so I do have a little bit of a bare lean in quantum in the short term just because things are so so so overextended. QBTS was another one I was shorting again. Daily lower high potentially shaping up here. Do we confirm the downtrend into weekly consolidation is the question for this coming week. OKLO. Another one. You know, fundamentals make no sense whatsoever. Look at this run. Shout out to the OKLO bulls. September 2024, we're trading at $6. We just hit 140. So 2,000 whatever percent in a year, but we hit a climax top again. Just straight up. I was too So this one I was too early again Tuesday and I had size. Uh, this was my biggest short position that I've had in months, but I couldn't have the balls to swing it because one reason I saw retail starting to talk about shorting and I, you know, you close at the all-time high. We can easily gap up to 150 and have one more final squeeze. I don't want to hold size into that. So, I trimmed twothirds of my short into the end of the day Tuesday. It would have worked out very well. Uh but if you don't follow the short bear on Twitter, do so. He's the kind of person where all the professional traders are like, "Check this guy out." Uh historic run in terms of, you know, the percentage gains that he has seen. He's in his 20s, but like something stupid that's been proven to be in, you know, the market wizards book or whatever, but something stupid like 800,000% in 2022. the potential that he's going to go down as one of the best traders of the decade. But, uh, he was shorting OKLO and it was just fun to watch alongside. It was after he posted his stuff after the fact. He said he was shorting it and then posted his thing. But, we did very much the same thing. The big difference is he held uh, his big short Tuesday into Wednesday where I sized down. I took the more conservative route. So, it ended up being a nice trade, but you know, it ends up being a three to four day maker instead of a three to four week maker, but that's the way it goes. I don't I don't have any major regrets. Um, we're going to look for a daily lower high. We're going to look for a daily higher low to start this coming week and then we'll look for a daily lower high to be the result of that bounce. And again, we're going to see great volatility in OKLO, RGTI, QBTS, QBT had there's a lot of volatility in these names. And again, as a day trader, I love it. And so, I had fun shorting these names even when it wasn't working because it was a challenge. Uh, and my positioning and it was just very engaging mentally. And so, even though it was those frustrating days, I was still having fun. Uh, which was a an interesting reflection. It it wasn't the dollar profit that was leading to the fun. It was the challenge that was leading to the fun. So, we'll see what we get next week. And again, I just take it a day at a time. You know, Monday morning, am I going to be looking long or short quantum? I have no idea. I got to see where the NAT and I'm always watching KQ as I'm trading these names. KikQ on one screen, the individual names, and some peers on the other screen. Uh, and just a quick example of that, we had both OKLO and RGTI Friday morning. So, OKLO had the low of Thursday at 110, we'll call it 11014. And we were testing that Friday morning at 10:25. QQQ dictated that support holding 10:25 is right here. That was the bottom candle for QQQ. So, sometimes you get things that just align. Uh, and again, so much of my decision- making is based on what the major ETF is doing and relative strength and relative weakness. But this was an example where an okay low bottom fish off 110. You got to be staring at Kikq and saying Kikq has to find a bottom here for this trade to work. And it did. And granted, you know, it's not a monster win, but we go from 11044 to 115. I mean, that's a 4% move to position. I probably if I I didn't take that trade, but if I did, I would have sold partial, stick my stop under 110. I would have stopped out. I would have been break even. But RTI had a good one as well. and its low of the day at that point. No, it wasn't an RGTI, was it? QBTS. Yeah, QBTS. So, low of the day at that point was 2622. Again, 1025 candle. We get three pennies 0.1% from support. Kikq dictates if Kik saw another big red fiveminute candle, we're going to break that support. But Kikq had the timely bounce right at support and that bottom fish ends up going plus 4.72%. Uh so as a day trader, you've got to be staring at the major ETF that and you know Quantum doesn't have a meaningful major ETF as far as I'm concerned. So it's the NASDAQ that I'm looking at to dictate things. Dollar. We got to pay attention, right? For weeks, we've been saying if weekly E MA12 is resistance, nothing changes. Okay, we're closing right on it. This may be the shift taking place now. Daily time frame, we have an uptrend confirmed. So, monthly chart, bare flag confirmed with zero follow-through. This could be potentially like this bare flag confirmed with zero follow-through. Are we about to shift? So, now I'm paying attention. Okay, solid green week for the dollar. That's that's the most bullish week that we've seen in two months. Fortunately for metals bulls, we're not really seeing a an inverse reaction to that just yet, but we need to keep an eye on it. Gold continues its surge to all-time highs. Again, just walking up the higher lows on the daily chart as our guide. Dinky pivot, but there's another hold. There's a hold or higher low, I should say. So, we know weekly consolidation's coming here. Uh, commodities, and this comes from Jungle Funk Joey, who's primarily a futures trader, commodities can trend a lot more than equities in terms of what you think is really extended. They they hold momentum better than equities. So, that means don't fight the trend and don't fight blue sky bulls. Uh, and so, you know, we're going to look for weekly consolidation in gold to test weekly EMA 12 again here soon. It's been such a good guide. EMA12, but no sign of it yet. Lose the daily uptrend. We'll look towards weekly EMA 12. Silver has been my horse. Uh just surging. And I, you know, I posted on Twitter. It's funny to me in the last five years, I can remember maybe three distinct times where silver squeeze has trended on my Twitter, resulting in no bullish action. Yet, here we have a six-w week straightup surge to all-time highs being tested and silver squeeze is nowhere to be found on anything trending. Um, but weekly EMA 12, daily EMA 12 and I'm going to be holding through consolidation here. So, so silver at this point makes up over 10% of my IRA and I think we're heading to all-time highs. The question I have is I would love to reject initially. I would love a monthly bull flag for me to add more size. Give me a monthly cup and handle. Um, we'll see. But so what I do here, I don't want to sell my silver position, but I know we're getting really darn extended. I really like the gains the last six weeks. So what do I do? I hedge. And so I looked at GDXJ with a third gap up open. Or GDX had a third gap up open. Was it only a second? No, it was a third gap up open. Just barely. Three gap up open is generally a bullish uh reversal pattern just in terms of bull exhaustion. So, I shorted that day. I chose GDXJ which is more associated with silver and I had a nice short entry. I would not have been taking that short unless it was a hedge. Why? because I'm fighting blue sky metals bulls and I'm fighting monster momentum in these miners and I want to be trading with the trend not against it but I took that because of my silver exposure. We had a nice pullback and then I stopped out break even on Friday on that short and silver is much higher. you know, if I grab that short on GDXJ Tuesday morning, at that point in time, you know, silver Tuesday morning, we're way higher than where we were. So, I stop out break even on my dust position and silver is almost 4% higher than when I grabbed that hedge. So, I'm perfectly fine stopping out, and I may do it again. I may grab another one as a hedge here uh this coming week. But that's my approach to where I don't want to sell a long-term position, but I know consolidation's coming here sooner rather than later. And so I'll I'll do that. We'll see. Oil had a a solid hold of support. We knew the support zone that everybody was watching and it held. So came down towards it right to start the week on Monday. Broke some resistances. Actually hit the highest level of the month, almost two months. uh for oil. So oil solid bull break on the weekly monthly is an inside bar. We'll see how that goes. But what we can say is oil has a very clear support level now. Pretty much we'll call it 61, but it's a zone, not an individual level. And there is still this resistance. We didn't convincingly get above it. So we'll see how that goes to start the week. Top there, top there. What's XLE doing? I don't know. Oh, good bull break. Sideways range broke bull. Alltime high is back in the picture. Obviously, it broke bull if oil did. Resistance zone. Natural gas must. Wow, big difference. Adjusted and unadjusted, huh? So, I then also look at UNNG to give me clues. So, UNNG uh is not getting that bull move, but it's trying to hold the low. Again, just s I mean, natural gas has not done anything for 7 weeks, so we'll see how this range breaks, but I'm still not interested. It's a long video. I like trading. Do good things. Leaves are starting to fall, but can't see the change yet on the hill. The next couple of weeks from the top down, that's going to start changing color. It's golden rod season. It's one of the last major pollinators. And this all starts as what looks like a weed, which is why you let weeds go