============================================================
Video: 9jHMkBg_sJg
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Rotation Clues!
Date: 2025-07-12
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6432
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:11.388250
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Currently in travel mode, so we're working with a lesser quality camera and mic, but the information is going to be as golden as ever. We're going to check in on the broader market. There's a lot to be looking at. We're still in euphoria mode. There's been rotation going on. We've got silver breaking out. We're going to check in on quantum and uranium and all these little subsectors. And we're going to get to it right now. So, we'll start on the weekly time frames and zoom in from there. And the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ had a fairly sideways week. And again, what matters most to me is that rotational aspect because, as we know, if the bears are going to prove anything to us, they're not sneaky. It has to happen on notable bare volume. And generally, if it's going to follow through, it has to happen with all major sectors dropping together. QQQ, XLF, XLV. That has happened one time briefly in the last couple of weeks on a tariff headline. And I want to see that happen when there is no headline as the reason to tell me, hey, something is shifting, we're overextended, it's time for weekly consolidation. So, because of the straight up V-shaped nature of this bounce, I'm keeping an eye out for that. But I still don't see any sign of it just yet. And there's been multiple times, July 1st most notably, and then most recently, I guess it was this past Thursday, where you get a day where the NASDAQ and the semiconductors lead the way down. And as they're doing that, the health care sector goes straight up. You've got consumer staples seeing a significant move up. And it's just that picture perfect rotation that bulls want to be seeing. So that for me is a comforting sign whenever I see it because if I'm only looking at the NASDAQ and it dumps, I'm saying, "Uh-oh, things are shifting." But if I'm looking around at the other sectors as well and I see them going up and I see the S&amp;P 500 holding on much better than the NASDAQ, I say, "Okay, it's just some of this rotation and I don't have to have any serious concerns at this point." There are other relational aspects of the market that give you clues. For example, on Friday, you have the NASDAQ breaking the low of Thursday. If I'm only watching the NASDAQ, that tells me, uh-oh, daily consolidation's underway. Things may be shifting. But if I'm looking at the semiconductors at the same time, and I know the semiconductors are vitally important for the NASDAQ, more so pretty much every month over the last bunch of years, then I look at SMH and I say, "Okay, we're not breaking the low of Thursday." So, I know if Kikq breaks a low of Thursday and SMH does not, the bears aren't going anywhere. You have to see SMH break that low as well if the NASDAQ bears are going to follow through. So so much of what I'm doing when I'm analyzing the broader market from a bird's eyee view is watching these relationships with the different sectors bulls wanting to see the inverse relationship be between some of these major sectors and again it's almost like my red flag warning I get a little bell telling me hey you got to keep an eye on this and I look around elsewhere and and elsewhere has been showing me nope nothing to worry about just yet and that will change at some point and we will see weekly consolidation but again we've been so strong. We just have to remember we're going to look for a weekly higher low. And then look at the monthly chart. This is the S&amp;P 500 futures. We're going to look for a monthly higher low. There's going to become a time in the future, maybe it's end of summer, maybe it's in the fall, whenever where I'm going to be doing a video here, and I'm going to say, "Here's the monthly consolidation we've been waiting for. A monthly higher low is the most likely scenario." And you're going to have all the bears saying, "This is it. I was right. the top and things like that when we know the most likely longerterm scenario will be that monthly low higher low and uh that's going to catch a lot of people off guard who are not on that time frame. But we're not worried about that right now. I'm still on the daily chart and my mindset has been, as you know, if you've been watching over the past bunch of months, if we're in a daily uptrend, I'm bullish and I know that, you know, I'm not going to try and nail the top because I just see so many people trying to nail the top and missing another leg up and losing some money and I'm just giving myself to the market and saying, I know I'm not going to nail the top. I will see a bit of a draw down in my account when we pull back enough where I say, "Okay, things are shifting." And I adjust, but the runup leading into that will be well worth it. I'm definitely in a bit of euphoria. Uh this past week it was crypto stocks, which we'll look at, which had a big bump, silver. Uh but here in July, I've already had my second best month of the year, and we're not even halfway through. We've traded for about a week and a half. So, I always want to be aware of that euphoria and give myself a check like, hey, you're feeling this way. That means be extra, you know, diligent with your stops. Recognize this, maybe take a little bit of profit, maybe get a little bit protective. And so, uh, for an example of that, we had KQ on Friday. And again, you know, I was leaving a hotel and hitting the road and I just saw a 15-minute bull move on the morning. I saw two-minute rising wedge shaping up, you know, just bull breaks lacking followthrough and so I just grabbed a short just playing off that level. We also had hourly resistance from the day before which we were underneath and we pulled back and I'm still in that short position and it's a swing trade size which is less than a day trade size for me. But you know if we get a new all-time high to start this next week I'll stop out otherwise I have protection and that's so much of my style where you know Friday before the bell ring if you ask me are you looking short I'd say no. Are you going to grab a bearish hedge position? No. I don't have a reason to right now. But then I see, you know, I use my day trading skill set. See a little setup where I can get good riskreward. I know that, you know, we're coming up to resistance. Bulls are looking a little bit tired on the short term and I position for it and I'll either stop out with a a small loss and my other positions will keep running or now I'll have a little bit of protection. And again, it's just so hard for me to predict that in advance because the only reason I took this trade, it was literally a fivem minute window where I said, "Okay, we're looking like a rising wedge." And then I look at the 15-minute say, well, 15-minute consolidation's due. If I'm going to make a shot, might as well do it here. Uh, and that's why it's hard for me at times to predict things or call things in advance because again, that was completely reactionary. I was reacting to what the two-minute chart was doing in the context of the longer term time frames, the 15-minute and the hourly. And again, five minutes prior, are you about to take a short? No. Five minutes later, I'm in a short. and and that's just so much about how I I react to what I'm seeing. All right, analysis. So, for the S&amp;P 500, it's all about the daily higher low. Keep it simple. If we're holding this level, the bulls have absolute complete control. Sideways isn't a bad thing, especially after going straight up. You know, you run straight up and then you go sideways. You're digesting the move. You're building new support levels. That's all fine. If you lose the daily higher lows, again, we'll zoom out to the weekly and we'll look for a weekly higher low with plenty of space for it. And what we're doing right now is just digesting. I mean, look at these previous all-time highs here. This is where we came from. And we're just digesting that. Just bouncing around trying to hold the back test as support. We'll see if the bulls are able to do so. Again, the S&amp;P 500 has been a little bit more sturdy recently because of that rotation. And I'm not going to make this a 2hour video and look at all the examples. But again, if you look at July 1st, and I do this on Twitter, make sure you're following us on Twitter because I'm constantly posting these little observations. But uh if you look at July 1st and you look at it might have been Wednesday, I think it's Thursday. I'm sorry I don't have it off the top of my head, but the morning drop in the NASDAQ and the Vshape on XLP and XLV as that is happening completely inverse. July 1st and this past Thursday were very similar in how they traded. And I just want to make sure I have the right day before I keep referencing it. Yeah, it was Well, yes, Thursday. So, that's our level on the S&amp;P 500. We've got the NASDAQ. Oh, just a quick note. I'm going to do a psychedelic and cannabis video as its own thing. they've been heating up, getting a lot of uh volatility and attention. I'm going to do that this evening and put it out as a separate video. So, not going to talk about those sectors in this video, but check back. It's another reason why it's been a real good week. So, NASDAQ NASDAQ will likely lose the daily higher lows first if it's going to happen. We almost did on Friday. So, there's a little dinky and again, bulls are looking a little tired here, right? We have to admit that. Bull flag confirms right into some consolidation just barely breaking just sideways. And again, we don't fear sideways. Sideways is not a bad thing. It's this previous all-time high resistance zone that is being back tested. And the bulls are still holding it. Daily EMA 122 is still support. So you can you can look at, you know, Kikq and pick out those levels. Kikq, if 54958 is support, that's 1% away. The bulls have complete control. That can just be a simple statement. Again, we want to make as many simple statements in our analysis as possible. If this, then this. If this is support, then I'm not looking bearish. In terms of a bigger picture context, the semiconductors have been leading the way up in a big way and helping, again, as I mentioned, helping the NASDAQ hold on just fine. So, if big tech is dropping the NASDAQ Friday morning and semis are holding on just fine, NASDAQ isn't going very far. And this this chart is a very strong one, but it is also one of the reasons where I'm reminding myself, okay, chill out. Consolidation's come. We're going to pull back on this weekly chart sooner rather than later in my opinion. And the reason is we just went straight up from the last little higher low back here. That's straight up 55% with pretty much a stair step. Might even be an official, no, not officially, but pretty much a higher low every single week. No consolidation. that is extremely strong but also a bit unsustainable just in the sense that again we're going to pull back but if we want to keep it simple look at daily EMA 12 SMH has been rioting daily EMA 12 and at worst closing right on it for months at this point you don't even have to use the daily higher lows if you want an earlier signal just stick with if we lose daily EMA 12 things are shifting if we don't we're going to keep going up and just a lot of strength in SMH we know NV BDA has been leading the way. $4 trillion market cap again. Remember back in time, go back in time to remember when people were talking about how the AI bubble and how we were way overdone in NVDA and getting toy and here we are 100% higher than that in you know a year and a quarter is just fascinating uh and just so impressive for these bulls to keep this kind of control. And there's been some rotation going on. We know MU saw a significant leg up in its rotation. AMD is trying to get a turn here in the short term. SMCI has been a name that's again been a bit of a lagard trying to shift its momentum. But SMH is the big picture guide for me on that. And pretty much it's going to require SMH weakening for the NASDAQ to pull back in a meaningful way. So the semiconductors are more meaningful for me right now with where we stand as I'm analyzing the market as a whole than normal uh because they are have so significantly been the reason for the NASDAQ significant strength. I mean you got your big tech going up as well obviously Amazon with all its but you know we're not at alltime highs prime days stuff meta has been strong but look at Meta. Meta is starting weekly consolidation so semiconductors are offsetting a little bit. You know, Google hasn't done anything extremely impressive. We're not close at all-time highs. You've got uh Apple nowhere near all-time highs. Apple had a bull break with no follow through. Still trying to become a lagger here. But again, the point is it's not big tech driving the NASDAQ up over the last month. It is semiconductors. And so, best case scenario for the bulls, if semiconductors chill out, you want to see big tech step in and strengthen a bit. So keep an eye on that and whether that happens or not. Tesla, lots of drama as always. But a good oldfashioned equilibrium. This was the most likely scenario. As soon as we pulled back this much and if the bulls are able to break 31409 this coming week after a strong close, it'll just be a weekly equilibrium. The higher low will be set. And it's looking like with earnings a couple weeks away, probably going to be earnings that dictate the direction that this breaks. And I was actually surprised. You know, someone was asking me about my year. And I looked at my day trading results and Tesla profits are the vast majority of my profits this year. I thought it was way more balanced out with quantum tickers and things like that, but uh Tesla gains are 250% more than my number two most profitable ticker. And it's been number one before for years in the past. Uh but I was just surprised with that. And it's just because you have so much volume, you have so much volatility. And I've said many times, you know, if you're a day trader, Tesla is your core of all you need. And obviously, if it's tight and boring, you want to have other things that you're looking at. But if you told me you have to pick one stock and that is all you trade because of the volume and volatility, Tesla's the one. And it's been great over the years. So, we're going to look to tighten up. Bulls are heading to a resistance level, 31845. Uh but again, I do believe earnings will be how we break from this sideways range. If it's a bare break, it's a monthly lower high being set. And we'll then look for a monthly equilibrium to tighten up. And if it's a bull break, then the monthly lower high has not been set yet. And we'll be looking up at the bounce high 368. But overall, just churning sideways a bit in the midst of all the headlines. Honestly, it blows my mind. has been twice now in the last month or whatever where I have shorted I have seen Elon it's just it's mindblowing that because Elon Musk is tweeting about I don't want to say all these words the president and the e files you the the bad guy I don't want to get tagged by YouTube for you know political whatever um I've made money twice shorting Tesla and I was astounded the last time it happened because, you know, everybody's talking about automated bots and and you can't trade in this environment with bots taking over. You can't beat the bots. I shorted. It was a perfect topfish. So, again, had no plans on shorting. I was probably done for the day. Uh I look and I see that Elon has made this. Well, the backdrop is I see the president asked a question about this topic and he gets very defensive. Says, "Are we still talking about this? Let's move on." And then I see Elon tweet about it very shortly after and I say, "Oh man, that's going to piss him off." And so I just short because we're right up at the high of the day resistance. And so my risk is real small. I'll stop out if we break the high of the day. But I shorted because of that tweet. And then I sat there and go, "Oh, we're not really having a reaction. Oh well, I'll just let it play out. My trade thesis is laid out. I either stop out or I don't." And then we rolled over massively. And you know, I beat those bots by 15 plus minutes. And uh that was a good feeling to remind myself. You know, my my joke was the bag of bones still has it over the butts every now and again using a little bit of intuition. But uh that was a nice trade. Financial sector is the weakest major sector in the short term. Weekly consolidation is technically underway and again back testing previous all-time high resistance. Bulls want to hold this zone where we had topped out a couple of times here and that goes all the way down to the mid 51s. So at this point the weekly uptrend is our guide for XLF and anything over 4964 is a weekly higher low. Daily chart you can see we set the higher low confirmed a little downtrend. uh just so a little bit of weakness. And again, you know, if this is going down, but SMH is going up, that's okay. If XLF and SMH and QQQ, they're all dropping together, that's when a little light goes off and says this is a bit different. Money's leaving the market. It's not just rotating around to these other places. So, we'll keep an eye on that. XLF a bit weaker. You look at uh healthcare. Healthcare has been tightening up. We came again that rotation morning. Look at where we stopped. The relative strength was glaring on the morning and we topped out right at resistance and then relative weakness started showing up. And it makes perfect sense when you're right at resistance and it's the the resistance that everybody's looking at from space. Everybody can see it the the high of the last two months and we ran straight up into it in overbought short-term condition. So, it's not surprising we rejected, but I'm viewing XLV, you guessed it, an equilibrium, the most common pattern in markets. And if these bulls hold 13365, it'll be a higher low and will keep tightening up. The direction this tightening range breaks is going to be important to me. Not because I'm actively trading the healthcare sector, but because of my bird's eye view of the market, this is going to give me some insight. Best case scenario, healthcare, nope. Semiconductors chill out, cool off, consolidate a bit. And as that is happening, this tightening range breaks bull and we get that rotation again. So again, I'm laying out in advance. This is what I want to see if it's going to be an ideal bullish scenario. If it happens, I know to stay aggressive as a bull. If it doesn't happen, I know to do the opposite and tighten up and get a little bit more conservative with that. We've had UNH had a great breakout, gave it all back. You know, they're recycling a bunch of the headlines, but that's the nature of the beast in terms of investigations and things like that. solid day on uh Friday, but really we're just trying to hold this support zone in the 290s. You can see this was the low back here, 295, and on Thursday we held 296. We dumped right down into it and V-shaped off of it a bit, but uh we're still very much rangebound. And again, I still have a position here where my cost basis is down near the low after doing some positioning, but uh fortunately getting a little bit of dividend payment along the way. But it's just a patient game at this point. And best case for the bulls get back, you know, 310 plus to keep tightening up sideways, but uh no no real information aside from the fact that bears definitely still taken swings at this name uh with headline help recently. Another thing I've been looking for is are we seeing rotation? As we know many times what the broader market will do, we'll see the leaders run. And it's always fascinating to me on social media where the amount of times in the last few years where I see people's bearish thesis being that this is a concentrated bull move. It's only seven stocks driving the market. And every single time that's the case, it leads to this rotation and a strong leg up in the market as everything else catches up. It's it's like clockwork. That's been the the way it's played out the last three times on a macro level. But these people are still viewing that as a bare thing and it's just the wrong way to be approaching. To me, that says watch for the the rotation and the concentration to disperse of it. Don't be looking at that as a bare. It's only a few names. Well, yeah, okay, those profits are going to rotate out elsewhere. But, uh, again, at this point, it's not big tech leading the way up. So, low caps. IWM's had a good bit of strength recently. Are we seeing rotation into these low caps to a certain degree? But again, look at IWM divided by SPY and we were close to seeing it's go time. This is a multiple month sideways range. And look at on Thursday, we were on the verge of breaking out and saying, "Yep, it is go time for IWM." And we fell back Friday hard. And so, we're still rangebound here. And I'm definitely keeping an eye on this. And normally it's the financial sector that leads the way because the financial sector are the largest holdings in IWM. But this time around again we just saw the financial sector is a bit weaker. It's the biotech sector that is the reason a large part for IWM recent strength. Biotech sector got a nice leg up on Wednesday and Thursday. We were watching some of our bottom, you know, go back to the videos a month plus ago. We were watching a bunch of cup and handle setups, many of which followed through. And the other bullish setups we were looking at were basing, you know, lagards that aren't doing anything, but they're basing out at a long-term low. And MRNA was one of those. We call this the balancing scales. Google Chart guys balancing scales for a video describing that, but it's essentially putting in a bottom. And you can see MRNA with the help of some headlines got that breakout. PEP was another one we were watching. again consumer staple but sideways range bull break trying to see progress in another leg up. Uh so again it's you know I was watching the lead bulls bull flags and lead bears but building a base and trying to be lagards. Uh so we'll keep an eye on the biotech sector and IWM but watch that IWM divided by SPY chart. You got to see that break bull and follow through if it's going to be clear rotation into small caps time. So the other sectors that I have been looking at checking the time. So we've been seeing beautiful rotation in the crypto space. These crypto treasury stocks have been a day trader dream. This is how I've made money in markets is just blue sky breakout hype euphoria. Ride the momentum. Just keep getting my piece of the pie. Give me 5%. Give me 10%. Give me 5%. And then when the top is hit, I'm not giving any back because I'm playing hot potato. And I know that all of these names that run this hard this fast will pull back 40 to 60% minimum. Remember when Quantum we were saying that same thing and Quantum pulled back like 75%. Press a recovery. We'll look at that in just a moment. But uh that's what's going on now. And it's just a rotational game. C was the first one to do it and it's giving us the blueprint. Okay, you run hard, you pull back real hard, you equilibrium and then we'll see how it plays out. And then we had CRCL, the IPO. You run hard, you pull back hard, we equilibrium. We'll see how that plays out. We're heading back towards support. You have BMNR. You run hard, you pull back hard. I would love to gap down open on Monday to try and position for a daily higher low into a bounce. Bounce will look for 30%. Plus, but just to form a daily lower high. But the most important aspect of these charts top is in. So now what? Now we're looking elsewhere. The rotation game. And because of this, I was looking at the actual coins, Bitcoin and Ethereum to see this rotation and they saw it in ETFs because again the ecosystem in 2017 2021 the crypto runs were the exch crypto exchange centric. That's where my money was. A big fat chunk of money just bouncing around between Bitcoin, Ethereum, altcoins. And it's a different environment now where because of these ETFs, a ton of the money is on these stock exchanges and not easily going to these crypto exchanges. So, they're they're going from these crypto stocks into the ETFs. And that was a major, this was the first time I, you know, I I I can say plenty to crypto people, hey, watch Ethereum. But this is the first time I posted in our stock channel for people to watch Ethereum because they can trade it now through these instruments, ETHA, ETHU. And so back on Wednesday or third when I forget, Wednesday, um, so okay, the ETH narrative is growing. We got Tom Lee talking on CNBC about it. Top rot watch for the rest of the month to see if we can stand out stronger than Bitcoin. And we did. We got a a big leg up to end we did. We got a a big leg up to end we did. We got a a big leg up to end this past week on ETH. So again, ETHA daily higher low straight up 20% this week. Uh and that was awesome. So again, the the highlighting to the stock people, hey, there's newer ways to be not new, but new compared to prior cycles to trade these things and I think the money is going to keep sloshing around on the stock side of things for now and uh we'll see where that goes. I love the rotation game. I love it in the as you can tell in this video the broader market in the major sectors your micro versions in little sub sectors uh it's the name of the game because when you are in euphoria bull mode everybody just wants to keep putting their profits to work and so you just follow the money and you ride the coattails of big money and Bitcoin all-time highs looking great. So again, the big reason for a really solid week for me, was crypto, cannabis, and psychedelic, we'll talk about later. Silver, we'll get to in just a moment. But moving on, Quantum. Quantum is still seeing relative weakness. And again, I just can't get it out of my head that if you show me this chart, the most likely scenario, this is OQ weekly, the monthly chart, is a monthly lower high. And I just keep seeing periods where we got relative weakness to the NASDAQ, but the NASDAQ is just fine. And you know, you can't go down too much if you're correlated to the NASDAQ to a certain degree. But it's positioned where if the NASDAQ sees any weekly consolidation, it's looking like Quantum will lead the way down. And so my mindset is if I see weakness in KQ, look to Quantum to see if I can find a short. And the most likely scenario on this chart for me is your good old-fashioned equilibrium where we do something like this and tighten up all year. But the bears have to prove it and officially form that lower high, which they have been unable to do. And if IO and Q were to break 36, to do. And if IO and Q were to break 36, to do. And if IO and Q were to break 36, that would be a very distinct shift. So we got our high, we came down, built support, we rejected from resistance, and we're right back in the middle of the range. And there's some weaker names out there. QBTS again, you know, if you confirm this little downtrend, monthly consolidation will be underway, but RGTI monthly chart, it's looking like a monthly lower high iss QUBt monthly lower high. Again, when you give this wide a range, you tighten up within it. So, still definitely watching. Quantum dumped hard on Friday. IONQ leading the way down. So, I'm going to keep watching that. I'll see if I got a short short position that I like. But again, you know, I'm not looking short unless the broader market is dictating it. So, I got to see the NASDAQ weaken for me to be comfortable uh looking short because I was shorting QBTS a couple weeks ago and it wasn't following through much for obvious reasons. You know, I was shorting it here, but we'll see if that changes. Uranium. So, I've been riding CCJ straight up 100% on the weekly and I stopped out, but it might have been a fake out. And so, my mindset was entry here, take a bit of profit, walk up a stop, walk up a stop, walk up a stop, and I stopped out. Bear break, no follow through. This looks like a potential weekly bull flag. But what did I do? I rotated my profits. Exactly what bulls do in a raging bull market. And so I looked at peers and I looked at, okay, if the lead bolt, the leader in the space, is going to cool off a bit. And other names have been cooling off for weeks. Okay, Lol SMR. Look at the weekly chart. We're watching a 4hour falling wedge that broke bull. But look at the weekly chart. We've been we've been we ran straight up. We've been cooling off. So does CCJ profits go to these names was my thesis. And you know what? you I'm looking for a weekly high or low on these charts. So, I chose SMR. Again, that weekly chart looks just fine to me. Uh, and now it's a fun game of tracking. Okay, I stopped at a CCJ at 69.99. I took I grabbed a SMR position in the low 36s. I day traded a little bit. My break evens in the low 35s, my stops under this level. But now I'm just doing the math in my head every day like would I have been better off to not stop out CCJ or was this the right play? And so far SMR is leading a little bit and I just track it with SMR divided by CCJ outperforming the last few days. And that's now just a fun game for me uh to just see how it plays out. I'm just going to let the trade play out. But um we'll see high or low trying to be set on these names coming off of blue sky breakout straight up. You know, we went up 300% or whatever on SMR. So, I'd like to get 40 plus, take a little bit more profit and get my break even down near that low, but we'll see how it plays out. Commodities dollar weekly bounce underway. Anything under 99.42 is a weekly lower high. Simple statement. If weekly EMA 12 is resistance, the longerterm trend is down. Have we confirmed a daily uptrend? Not really in a convincing way. You could go to the two-day chart, smooth it out a little bit. But bounce is underway. And with that, we know gold has been trading sideways. But look at that EMA 12. How long have we been saying gold EMA 12 on the weekly? The answer is all year and it's held all year. So I'm just viewing this as a high, low, lower high. Trying for a higher low, just tightening up. And as we know, the rotational game is when you have a leader tightening up. Great. Trade sideways. Look for the laggers. And so that was the thesis on silver over the last couple of months. And that has played out wonderfully. Weekly bull flag confirmed. Huge day on Friday and uh highest levels in 13 or 14 years. Again, not a ton of resistance until like 44 and then all-time high. And I did stop, you know, I was in a real aggressive swing position in silver. Real aggressive for me. And I did size down a little bit. uh could have gave a wider stop but sized down a little bit uh just because I was a little uncomfortable with the amount of size still you know at this point in time it's probably my second largest swing position behind my long-term no touch spy position so still very heavy in silver uh and my mindset is now I will stay in that heavy position what I have left as long as we are in a weekly uptrend and again you know I could kick myself oh I shouldn't have done this and blah blah blah. But in reality, I put that cash to use elsewhere. And I don't know exactly where it went, but somewhere that went up. So, uh, that's okay. And we'll see if we got an all-time high in silver. But, you know, other other commodities as well, palladium and things getting some life. So, uh, definitely nice to see commodities strong as well. Again, it was, you know, you had Bitcoin all-time high, you had cannabis stocks breaking out, and I was just sitting there feeling before saying, if silver confirms this weekly bull flag, uh, it's going to be too much just in terms of everything working. And here we are. Oil, let's wrap it up. So, oil, we are looking for the weekly higher low. It's set. So, key support, I didn't get it the way I wanted. Remember, I wanted ideally a bare flag confirmed. No followthrough. Didn't happen. I wasn't going to trade it anyway, but I always like to lay out in advance. This is exactly what I want to see if the trade is going to come to me. So, weekly higher low is set. 64 is now key support. We're going to look for a weekly lower high. Bulls are hoping for another leg up to make the equilibrium the most likely scenario. What do we need for the equilibrium to be the most likely scenario? We need a 50% plus bounce retracement. And so we're at maybe 35% plus bounce retracement. Bulls want to get up to 70 plus to then make the equilibrium the most likely scenario. Google chart guys equilibri no chart guys Fibonacci for a video talking about how we identify the most likely scenario. Is it a bull flag? Is it a bare flag? Is it an a bull flag? Is it a bare flag? Is it an a bull flag? Is it a bare flag? Is it an equilibrium? Natural gas I don't care about at all. It's not doing anything. Nope. All right. Appreciate you watching. do good things. No end of the video clip because I don't have my editing stuff with me, but keep an eye out for cannabis and psychedelic video tonight. We've got I've been doing a couple interviews recently. We've got uh the long-term patterns live stream. Just go to our YouTube channel and spend a couple dozen hours poking around. And I hope you're well. Thanks for likes and shares. That's always a good motivator. And as always, do some good things.