============================================================
Video: n32vydGK-bU
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: JPow Says The Magic Words
Date: 2025-08-24
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9046
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:28.478950
============================================================

sellers retraced about half of the move that we recently saw up, but buyers defended pretty much exactly where they had to, defending the prior all-time high structure before JPAL said the magic words that the market has been waiting for. Um, since I think December was the last time we got any kind of cut. So, can anything do you know these buyers or are we suffering new highs? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the Jark team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room in spring report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with uh SPY here. Yeah. So, like I was saying, like I was saying, um, what we cared about last week, right, to end the last week was, all right, well, these buyers were positioned really well, right? So, here's the last week, two weeks prior. It looked like a potential daily bull flag. And we were saying even if it wasn't going to be a daily bull flag, if we did start to retrace, what did we care about? We cared about this guy, right? This fella over here. Of course, we care about this. Why? Because it was the prior all-time high structure. And affirming it as demand keeps these buyers positioned well for new highs, right? If it's something you hear me say very often, right? As long as we're back testing a prior area of demand, just like we did back here, these buyers are doing fine. And it's honestly quite similar, right? Because last time around during this retracement, it was swifter just across two days or so. Um but what happens? You hold the value area low and then you rally, right? So the buyers are trying to essentially do a repeat of that off of the um off of the uh signaling from JPAL that that uh you know he's potentially looking at some cuts here. I think the last one was December. So it's been you know almost a year. It's been three quarters since we've seen a a cut. And it's it's it's kind of interesting, right? Because, you know, the Fed kind of has to throw a needle here, right? We have increasing unemployment and increasing inflation. So, the PCE reading next week is is probably going to be a doozy, I would imagine. I mean, it I think if inflation remains like if it's not a terribly excessive reading, then we're probably set for that rate cut. But, you know, Fed might change their tone if if it's uh comes in really hot. We shall see. Looks like they're going to prioritize um you know, trying to help the labor market. We'll see. It's a tricky situation when you have uh you know, both uh uh rising unemployment and inflation. So, anyway, keeping it purely technical here. What we care about just remains this structure, right? 63539 becomes that key level. As long as these buyers are able to hold over 63539, well then they're affirming this structure as demand. Affirming this structure as demand again just keeps these buyers positioned well for new highs. All right. So I'm thinking if we do break out to new highs that monthly R2 63548 I'm thinking these buyers are trying to get there. I like these pivots just when you're dealing with blue sky breakout. The yearly R one or two. The yearly R two actually is is quite a ways away at 69650. We'll see if these buyers can can uh get that done. All right. Now we have space for a higher low over 63295. And the best case scenario if there's retracement early in the week next week would be to hold over 64338 because now this is technically the new all-time high spot. This is the new all-time high structure. So, if we retrace next week and you can't get back under 64338, we'll know that that's selling this week. This was a very notable defense, right? Essentially, the buyers did not allow sellers to move value lower relative to the prior all-time high structure. Okay. Um, we got trade zones. Yeah. Okay. So, uh, let's see. If you're I mean, either way, whether it's an ad or a new position, I still think it's very reasonable sent a tweet out to chop this up at the all-time high test. um just to protect the position. Throw your stop under 63295 for the ad. Uh if you are in from this trade zone, I would probably just leave it here. I would just leave it here, right? Because I would like to see some demand actually be established first before walking any remaining position, the stop for any remaining position from here if you've already taken profit. If you've not taken profit on this position, then yeah, I would I would put both stops down here. Um I mean the stop for this position and the stop for this position. All righty, that's it. So, the weekly higher low potentially being set here, a little dinky one just like this one was was quite dinky as well. Uh, it did break to a new alltime high on the ETF chart, but I think the S&amp;P did not. Yeah, neither did the futures. So, um, just a little bit of a discrepancy there. Moving on to uh to the Q's here and get these guys out of here. Uh, moving on to the Q's here. So, man, there's too many freaking lines on this. I do not love this. Uh, give me a second here. Ignore that for now. I think I care primarily about this. Don't care so much about this right now. All right. Um, okay. So, the Q's are a little bit different, right? The Q's are showing you a little bit of relative weakness because, uh, last week XLV, XLF were showing us some strength. Staples have been strong as well. A few other sectors. So, we're kind of seeing that rotation. But what we don't want to see is we don't want to see that rotation change into bearish rotation. So, this is going to be a super key test next week. 57463. This this is potentially a bit of a head and shoulders pattern here, right? And whenever you're looking at a head and shoulders pattern, the most important thing to be mindful of is the supply. This this little balance over here is sitting at the all-time high. This is super key. As long as these sellers can defend this all-time high supply, then that head and shoulders is very much on the table. So, something to be mindful of next week. Um, if the Q's can't join, right? So if the ES and the SPY breaks the new highs but the Q's can't join us. Um that's not ideal, right? You typically want the uh uh tech sector to lead. I understand that the narrative shift right now is that rate cuts would benefit um you know value but still uh you typically the the the the strongest trends in the overall market are going to be led by um tech and like this has the potential to be a dash to trash situation. So again, just something to be mindful of. Um, so how are we going to assess that? All right, so in order for us to assess the health of the Q's, what we want to see first is get back over 57463, which would affirm this breakout starting on August 8th, which didn't really get legs until the 12th. Um, need back over 57463 to be positioned well for a go at the all-time high uh structures point of control, 5806. Again, very similar situation, right? They defended the value area low of the key demand zone that we were watching. But there is space for a day lower high. Alltime high supply is important. This is a very notable miss to not even touch the um prior breakout point. So these sellers are essentially negating this breakout as long as they're under 574 63. This is about like a 60 like a looks like a golden pocket roughly. It's pretty much a picture perfect golden pocket retracement here. So I think we were watching out for that over here as well, right? We were saying, "Okay, well, we're at the golden pocket over here." And if that was a very good reaction off of the golden pocket, but you know, very often when you can't hold the GP, uh, that that move gets 100% retrace. So, we'll see if they can get that done again here. Very similar situation here, except obviously this day was much weaker. Um, all right. So, you do have space for a higher low over 5884. And so while this is problematic, even if the sellers do press the issue next week, if we can just keep holding over this guy and just keep balancing like this, I think that would be fine. We just again have to be mindful of that head and shoulders here. Um, all right. So that's it. And then moving on to the rut here. So for the rut, again, the narrative is that, you know, this should the rate cuts should benefit um small caps, right? growth. Um, yeah. So, I've been positioned for this trade for a long time since back here. If you've been watching these videos for a while, um, you know, we were we were talking about positioning for that ray cut uh, environment all the way back here. And so, it's looking good like this. There's the potential for that to happen. you know, I I wish it was happening under like, you know, different circumstances, right? I wish they, you know, ideally the um economy was doing better from from an unemployment perspective, but what can you do? Either way, um lots of space for a higher low now. So, you had a lower high, lower low, and remember this. Oh, I'm sorry. It's not a remember situation. I was talking about this during the week, but this was a very notable failure to not I think we did talk about this, right? If the sellers were unable to come back down to 222.84, well then of course that would be weak selling because strong sellers would negate this breakout. So this breakout being affirmed as long as you're holding over 222.84 and now at this point you're way over the high of this structure. So now these buyers are really just a stone throw away from new highs. Now that being said, the last time we made new highs was a pop and drop at the all-time high we rolled over. The time before that was a also pop and drop after like a year of balance. So, um, you know, bit of a heartbreaker on those breakouts, but this is very serious volume, lots of space for a higher low. And next week, if the sellers enter the market, what we care about is 2376. If you can just keep holding over this structure, then, you know, there's really not much else supply above for these buyers to work through. And even if they do, if they can just keep holding over 226 to affirm this fella's demand, then that's also fine. Um, so that is that's it for the rut. Uh, I think this is very reasonable to be looking for a pullback play here, right? Something along these lines. As long as that's not negated, you're fine. And if that's going to be the case, then, you know, we're looking up here, right? So something along these lines. I would not be surprised if the market uh if this market, the rut, balanced around under this guy and over this guy for some time. It just has the propensity to do that. And I understand that this is like a really high volume um situation, but man, it's done something similar like many many times where it just has this big rip and then, you know, falls back into a range. So, we shall see. I like it like this for next week or like, you know, in the near term or whatnot. Um, all right. So, moving on then to uh moving on to the other uh thingies that we cover. What to cover here? Dow. Okay. So, the Dow flirting with the test of the yearly R1. This trade zone was shared. I forget how many um weeks ago. Well, I guess it was this day. So, at this point now, you know, you're probably not looking for these lower fills, right? So, at this point, you would just, you know, cut your cut these lower bids. Don't look for them. Walk your stop up to under here is fine now, right? because this is a pretty notable breakout right at this point. Now, um breaking out of this area of local demand is is is quite clear. So, walking your stop up to here, I think would be reasonable, especially if you've not taken any profits yet. This one was only one fill from here. So, it's not like anything huge. You're only still looking at like one R here. It's actually 1.5ish R. Um, so I think it's fine to take some profits sometime before yearly R1 and then just walk your stop up to here. Um, you know, from just a TA perspective here, really just care about this guy, right? Like I mean, honestly, we should shift our focus now to this fella or this fella, right? Really, we should care about one of these guys because technically now this is the prior alltime high structure, right? This little bounce over here did break over this guy. So, let's just steal this structure over here. We'll just take it from there. We'll steal these guys as well. It's going to be quite smaller. We could actually use this whole structure really as one like big gateway into um all of this demand that's been built up really. It's like all of this is just kind of trading. I know it's a large range, but it is kind of just a choppy mess here. So, I don't I don't hate looking at this as just one big old structure like that, right? And if it's going to be if we're going to look at the Dow like that, then I think we can just make a trade zone as well. I know it's still, you know, this one's still live, right? The idea is still live, but I think if you were to retrace, if you don't come to the yearly R1, retrace back into this guy, I think that's fine. Looking for another move here. I'd be fine with that. essentially a play for a weekly higher low right with anything over 433.40 40 being good for one and again these buyers would be confident as long as holding over 444.54. I mean best best case scenario would just be to keep affirming this breakout with no acceptance back under 452.15. Okay, so the dollar I really would make no adjustment to this. Is the dollar next? Is this the normal order of things? Okay. Um I would make no adjustment to this, right? It's just balance whenever you're looking for balance plays and You know, it might probably sound like a broken record, but like it's it's it's very helpful if if you're if you're going to take balance trades, just determine what two structures are creating that balance, right? And then set your trades up around those two zones. So, as of right now, it's this guy and then this guy. This fellow over here contained the balance throughout all of this, right? Multiple holds of the lows. And then this is just the next area of relevant um structure lower. And the market has already told us it's important, right? With a pretty much a picture perfect point of control hold and then another picture perfect point of control hold. So, I wouldn't make any changes to this. Um, if you did hit this sell, I think very reasonable to just have your stop. I wouldn't even touch a stop, honestly. If you've taken your pro some profits, especially, then just leave your stop here until you get a nice breakdown under 97.445 to really affirm all of this balance as supply. Then, I would walk my stop down to over the supply. But, as of right now, it's very reasonable to just sit tight with your uh stop over there. All right. And uh it's just chopping around. I don't even care about the trends or anything like that. It's really just about these two structures. I don't care about price action trends when like we're just doing this kind of a hot mess here, right? Then very often you'll get like a higher low situation, higher high, no followrough, lower high, lower lows, no follow through, whatever. So, it's just chopping around, bouncing. All right, moving on to gold. Really no change to gold either, right? It's just a lot of charts were just kind of trading sideways right now, right? And again, it's just kind of the nature of like capital rotation, right? Like the people are always just chasing yield, right? market operator is just always chasing yield. And the best case scenario in that environment when you're seeing the rotation is that the last um asset that was hot just kind of hangs out, just pauses there. It's like a relay race, right? Like if you're if you're you know, handing off the baton baton um you know, it's to another uh runner or whatever. It's more like suicide runs. It's more like suicide runs, right? Like you want the person who uh No, not suicide. What do you call those? Indian runs. You know, like on the if you ever run track or like drills for any team, like you run in a line, right? And then the last guy has to run into the the front, right? And then you can just kind of chill for a little bit. That's kind of like what rotation is, right? You guys are all running around the track. Your coach is yelling at you. You're tired. Um you're wondering why you're doing this to yourself. Um and yeah, and then you if you're in the back, you just got to sprint to the front, right? And so that's kind of how it's going. That's kind of how it is, right? That's just kind of what the market rotation is like. So, what you want then is you want everybody to kind of stay in an orderly fashion because the further that everybody gets, the more that the last guy has to run, you know, to get into the front, right? If you the the more space you guys leave, so you don't want to fall behind at all. You just kind of want to stay set, right? I I hope that analogy works. Uh but what do you call those runs, man? I forget. Either way, those were brutal. Um suicide runs were cakewalk compared to that. you know, the the touchdown runs or whatever. Um, anyway, uh, what are we talking about? That triggered my PTSD. Um, there's no change. Just just hanging out, trading sideways. That's that's that's all this is, right? So, I would still just stick to this trade zone down here. I know it hasn't hit, but this is just like a very much so an an EQ balance, you know, whatever Darvis box, rectangle, whatever you want to call it. And when that when that's the situation, you just want to again find the key structure. The market has already told us this is the key structure. So just um wait for that kind of a play. Okay. So NVDA I I think didn't we set up an aggressive zone? Did we not? I think we talked about it and then uh removed it. But aggressive buyers, you're just always looking off of the local area of demand. With earnings right around the corner, you know, I would be quite hesitant to do that. A more patient operator, you're just waiting for for for back here. I would just prefer a back test of this area, this prior all-time high, just like this was a very key structure, etc. So really no change to MVDA either. I think weekly retracement is now underway. It is tons of space for a higher low. There's a lot of talk about last week about AI bubbles comparing it to com bubble. Um I do think plenty of these AI companies are going to fail for sure. And and there's a very good reason for that. I don't think it's a good comparison to the do bubble. So like really really high level uh just you know just skip get on my soap box here. the.com bubble when all those companies or many companies were going to zero they there was nothing going on right like it was kind of just vaporware there was no there was no like profits in a lot of these companies right that so it was a massive boat like 80% decline or whatever now the the companies that are fueling all this are like the hyperscalers you know like Microsoft and Google Amazon Meta whatever not Apple um they're already incredibly profitable companies Right. And like you know I think it would be more it's a better comparison to look at like mobile phones and like laptops and tablets kind of blowing up right because um the infrastructure was is already there like the machines are already there right and so people are already just building on top of what was there right the.com boom the infrastructure wasn't there right we didn't have Google's right we didn't we didn't have you know Amazon right we did these these these these these um like large platforms MS right they weren't created yet you know everybody was trying to create platforms yet the technology was was was brand new the internet you know so I personally think it's very different I do think many of these companies will correct huge I definitely I definitely think so um like if you're not this is why my personal focus for AI plays has is is you know very much so in pick and shovel plays right plays that are again they're already making money off of uh AI you know um that's like NVDA, that's like you know your your your Broadcoms, that's your your hyperscalers like we talked about. Um so you know uh PLTR I do probably you know it's probably probably overvalued but but again these companies they're they're already very profitable from from um their AI ventures. So like you know if that's not the case with any of your AI plays then yeah I think that's could very easily get devastated and the next time there's a you know pretty major retracement and like NVDA is probably a good bell weather right if NVDA continues to be strong their business is strong well then that would suggest that there's still demand uh for AI you know like the the dotcom there was no demand right there was there was no real demand right people were just there was too much supply people had all these ideas that you know internet was going to make stamps better or whatever. Um, but that's not the case right now. You know, there is a lot of tomato. So, we shall see. Excuse me. Um, all right. Anyway, so that's pretty much it. Also, uh, financial news typically doesn't get it right, you know, like if they are going to get it right, they don't get it right on time, you know. So, um, typically the news cycle for when you're like at the close to to a bubble popping is not fear, you know, it's usually greed. Uh, like, uh, I don't know how easy it is to pull this up, but hold on a second here. Uh, one. Yeah. So for example, like this is the Economist cover. Um Whoops. Where' it go? This is the Economist cover on uh let's uh hang on a second here. Huh. Okay. I don't know why it's shaking out like that, but this is the February cover. February, I think 22nd. I I don't know why it's uh so hard to find an image of it right now. Um February 22nd, 2020. So, if you just go ahead and pull that day out onto the S&amp;P 500X, um, February, what was it? TW 22nd. February 22nd was, uh, over here. February 22nd was right there. So, this weekend, this economist was was uh, published. That was literally right before that was like at the tippy top, you know. My other favorite example is um, uh, CNBC, how to buy Ripple. It's great. This one's great. Um, hang on a second here. Here we go. Uh, all right. So, this article was released uh January 2nd, 2018. All right. So, CNBC telling people how to buy XRP, one of the hottest Bitcoin competitors. Um, all right. So, XRPUSD, that's January 18th, right? January 18th, 2018. Uh, see where' it go? Oh, hold on. We got to find uh something that goes back further. January 18th. Uh 2018 is here this day. January 18th, 2018. You zoom out and like that was the beginning of the winter. Um, so you know, we get a lot of messages about the I have gotten a lot of messages about the AI bubble and um, you know, I just it's, you know, if this is the how it's going to pop with this kind of a news cycle, it would be notable, but but I I I personally doubt it. Um, even if it is a bubble, I I still think there's there's probably still legs in it for now. Um, all right. So, what we just got totally derailed here. What What are we talking about? not XRP, not SBA, MVDA. Okay, that's pretty much it for MVDA. Um, all right. So, for Bitcoin here, all this balance is still fine as well. So, all that's happening right now is just bouncing over this area of local demand. So, it's it was not ideal, right, to pop and drop over here. But when you do get a higher high that doesn't see fall through, you do expect to test the lows of the range. So, that's what's happening right now. There's a very notable reaction off of that um back test of the all-time high. So, pretty much making for a double bottom right now. Again, potentially a head and shoulders pattern here. So, it is something to be mindful of, but as long as you're holding over this guy, really no red flags. I still stand by this trade zone. Um, for Bitcoin, not be surprised if some weekly retracement. We shall see Ethereum. So, didn't come into our trade zone. I don't know that I would res actually I think it's going to be okay. Like, if you reject from over here, right? Don't see follow through on this all-time high break. You probably come back and test this guy, right? This this has been a major structure that made for these these peaks over here. Battle it out over here as well. Like if this is going to be an expanding range here, as long as we can hold over this guy, I think that'd be fine. Excuse me. I think that'd be fine. So like if we tr drill back down into this guy, expanding range, but can't take this fell out, all of that would be fine. All right. So I still think that's fine. And uh you know if you're still in from this you know you only got one fill obviously but if you're still in from that then your stock can be under here. Okay cuz this area is definitely being a firmness demand. Uh all right finally CCJ here. So for CCJ the TD play set up didn't it? Oh no it hasn't yet. It sets up on um No, it hasn't set. It needs to get a close over one, two, three, four on Monday and then it'll set up again. This one was a stop. Uh I still like it like this. You know, a CCJ again has the propensity to balance for a long periods of time. So I would just do it like that personally. Okay. And if you're in from here, no, this was shared in the community, not not in these videos. Uh I would just wait for this, right? Because this is the huge big block of demand. This is the gateway into it. Give yourself a good amount of wiggle room. I think that's fine. Let's essentially play for a weekly higher low or monthly I should say. I don't really care about those dinky ones. Yeah, potential monthly higher low. You know, nuclear is kind of tied into the whole AI thing too, right? Like it's going to be very difficult for these hyperscalers to power their data centers with that with, you know, with with with legacy energy essentially. Um, you know, I think I think they're they've all invested in some kind of like small form factor nuclear. I know definitely Microsoft has. Um, anyways, so uranium stocks should benefit. So that's it. Uh, all right. So for trade review, let's see here. For trade review, I did everything in the rut today. So the I mean this was the last week, everything I did was in the rut. Um so for the first thing it was just on Tuesday I believe. So for Tuesday the context was set up like this. We were here and I was just looking for a sell against this value area high to play down to this point of control I think. Uh yeah so I sold the pass back under the deep and why didn't I not make any follow-up plays? I'm not sure but that was you know just a basic kind of a day. I forget. Let's see what happened here. 819. I sold this Deepo move and then uh chopped it up at the development value area low and then I just stopped the rest on this move up. Just a base hit. I guess that was tricky. Yeah, I guess that was just tricky to Was Was there an open play? No, I don't think I would have been able to get that because the open was here. I mean, like I I'm just being honest with myself like knowing what kind of setups I take to sell that pass back under the open here, you know? I just I just don't think I could have done that. So, that's just a miss. The deval setup, that's not bad if that was for a 15-minute lower high. Uh it it wasn't. Yeah. So, just an inside bar breakdown. So, I it's just a day that I probably wasn't going to get anything if I'm being super honest with myself um besides that little base hit. So, that's fine. Nothing happened there or nothing meaningful. And then on 8:20, um I'm trying it again because on the 20th, that's this day. And we're set to open up right on the point of control of this big this big structure over here, which these are my favorite kind of plays or at least one of my favorite kind of plays. When you open right on that key level, then you can you can it's it's much easier to set up the open trade, right? Because let's say for example on this gap up, right? You open up right at the value area high. Excuse me. You open up right at the value area high. So you know, okay, and it's a gap up. So you know, okay, if incomplete fill move back over the open, the open is the same level as this value area high. Which means if we pass back over the value area high and hold over the open again, the same level, they should be trying to get here. So the R on this kind of a trade is absolutely massive, right? The R on this, even if you get a terrible fill, stop is under the low after the pass back over, that's going to be a 2 R. If you get a just a to be a 2 R. If you get a just a to be a 2 R. If you get a just a terrible fill, if you get something closer, you're probably looking at 3R. Um, so I like this kind of a setup very much because the targeting becomes very clear. If we're not going to hold over the open, that means we're not holding over this point of control. if we're not holding over this point of control. These sellers should be trying to get here. Now, they do not get down there. But it was still a good payday because uh well, first I I missed it first because I I was uh I just took my attention away and and and that that was that. Um but there was a lot of confluence here that I'm pointing out because this is what it looked like on the uh 20th. Um all right. So on the 20th I Wait, what? What is this timing? 39. I've missed it at 38. Okay, I missed this, right? So lots of confluence here. This little pass back over move back down. So it's essentially a failure at the open. Lots of confluence, but then I just it happens again. So I just fire it off over there. Um oh, it was against the the prior days close and the wip here. I was thinking here, right? Because that would would have been super cheap. This is the prior days uh the the the point of control of the prior session and the prior days close were very close. Prior day close has moved now because obviously the day has changed. Um but if you just look at it from the session to session chart, you can see I'm talking about it um here, right? It was like a picture perfect rejection. And I talked about this in the morning rundown, right? You you I I will say this very often in the morning rundown. I'll say something along the lines of the sellers or the buyers are picking up where they left off as long as they can hold the end of the day structure because the end of the day structure is how they closed off, right? And what was this? This was a day of selling a balance breakdown, balance breakdown, balance breakdown, balance, right? And so we know then that this balance breakdown situation is going to just continue if these buyers can't overcome the end of day structure here, this bit of supply here, right? So that very very low risk situation, I I just Dan was talking in another thread and I got it excited. So, so, um, I went to go see what was going on, so I just missed it. So, that's 100% dance hall. Um, and anyway, so I it had set up over here. Very similar situation set up off off the open. So, I just sold it there um against the open and then chopped it up at the regular trading hours uh low and then uh look, I was looking for more out above the overnight low. It takes a little bit to get there, but another chop at the overnight low and then I just uh walked the stock down the next day. So that's it. So I carried the the last bit of this trade throughout all of this chop. It like looked like it was going to take me out at the end of the day, but it did not. So I carried it into the next day and then um on to the 21st. And it's because I'm playing for this target. Like I I I I have very high conviction that these sellers are trying to get here. This is this that's their home, you know? It's like a happy Gilmore, right? like, "Don't you want to go to your home?" Um, they did definitely want to go there, right? But just like in the film, it did not go there. And so, I can't do anything about that, right? Like, I only know what I'm playing for. Like, if if you're like playing football, you know you're trying to get into the end zone, right? It doesn't doesn't mean you're going to get there, right? So, um, anyway, so I know what I'm playing for. That all seemed very clear to me. So, I was happy to just keep writing that trade. And I tried for an ad on this day um on the 21st. So on the 21st, that's this day over here. I tried an ad and that worked out quite well, too. Even though it didn't get to the target, um I got to the first two targets. All right. So 8:21 just yelling like my dog is freak me out. Um okay, so uh so weird. It's like it was like he was doing an impression or something. Um, okay. So, on the 21st, uh, let's see, that was I was eyeing a pass back under two 266.8. Uh, so this one is actually a bit more nuanced, right? 266.8 if no break of 268.4. So, here I've got it marked up 266.8. Why? Uh, if you look on 266.8 from here on this day, it's much easier to see what I'm talking about. So, in the prior session, it was very choppy. Remember, we still have a runner from over here. And the prior session was very choppy. So this higher low broke to a higher high and it did not see follow through. So that's notable, right? These these buyers tried to lift off of this higher low and they failed to do so. It's quite notable. And then you lower low here and the sellers could not hold back under this level. So clearly this is a very contentious level. And then the next day we're set to open up right at the value area low. So I'm thinking if these sellers are going to press the issue then they should look to defend this guy 2 266.8. Right? That should be that's where there's been a a pretty pitch battle. So, that's what I was looking to get done. Um, so let's see. Uh, yeah, let me get the uh right chart up here. So, I'm calling that out beforehand. These are usually the the better trades. So, at 9:34, I'm calling that out. And so, I'm scouting that trade. And then I just sold this the SS break. Um, so that's just, you know, the breakdown of this candle over here. And I was looking to get to, um, let's see. I was looking to get to the uh deepo where the deepo was takes some time to get down there and the deepo actually prints higher. So I say let's see the epoch prints higher but I'm still looking for where it was and then finally I get the the exit a few minutes later at 41 uh for just like a 1.5R and uh I walk my stop for the runner to over 73.7 because 73.7 is here. Um that's this guy, right? So again, I'm using these two pivots because these were the these were the problematic areas, right? This break, the break over this guy did not see followrough, right? And then over here is pretty much where on fiveminute time frame, these are these are higher lows. So I was thinking, all right, if these sellers are going to press the issue from here, if I'm going to like manage my runner, um I probably want to throw in the towel if they can find acceptance over this guy. So I just have my stop over there. Um for the new ad, we get to both targets, right? So, I'm trying to get to the uh trying to get to the depot, the development point of control. That should be the first place that these sellers will run into problems. Um, and then I was looking for more at the overnight low. So, I call this all out ahead time. We get that overnight low chop and then we stop out the rest on this move for the ad. And then, you know, later in the session, I stop out of the um runner, which is fine because the next day we rip, right? Um because JPAL again said those magic words. Um, so that was that's really it. So on the 22nd I stream in the morning and the morning stream I I really don't like to be too active because you know trading a highly leveraged product when you're you know talking about other tickers and answering questions and you know very often I have to manage my like other positions like longerterm positions if I'm selling credit. Um so I don't love being too active on on the stream. So I just had to miss all of this. I didn't I didn't catch any of this. It honestly looked like it was a pretty solid day to to position before that news, right? Because you just kind of had trading sideways here, but is what it is. I missed. I did set up the trade too in my defense, but I didn't do it like I did it in the in the ES. I talked about this, right? Again, that end of the day concept, right, is very powerful, right? So, we know that these buyers are finishing or continuing this rally as long as we're holding over this guy. So, you know, I explained how okay, well, this can be your trade zone for the ES uh during the live stream. I did not do it for the for I did not mention it for the ENQ, but of course, the same logic can be applied because the ENQ looked like this, right? So, it's the same idea. This bounce continues as long as this end of the day structure can hold. And so, you know, if you set it up on the ENQ, well, then obviously that was, you know, that worked out quite well. Um, but I don't get that any of that because I just forgo these just getting to the regular trading hours high is 2.2 2.25R. So, I just forgo that that kind of stuff. It is what it is. It's really because I made a error. All right. One one time when I was trading live during the live stream, managing my positions, doing the tickers, answering questions, whatever. Um, I stopped out of a trade and I so I I I didn't do an OCO order. I and I so I I I didn't do an OCO order. I and I so I I I didn't do an OCO order. I I very often don't do that. I just I just do do the stops and the limits manually and then if one side gets uh uh triggered then I just cancel the other side um because it's easier to click it into the DOM like that. Um so I got stopped out but I left the limit order right so the take-profit order was still on the books and by the time that my stream was done the limit triggered as well and then it went against me and that was like a like a five figure loss um day which was um not ideal. So, uh, yeah. So, you know, I I yeah, that was not it was not ideal. I mean, it's not devastating, but like and I think I still trade in that day afterwards. Um, and I think to my credit, I didn't complain about it in the thread. I'm pretty sure I didn't, you know, I was a little hot for a while, but um, but I did I did recover. I guess I shouldn't say recover. I I I did still trade fine going into the session. It did. It did not make up for for for that mistake. But, you know, I think it's good just that, you know, you can get back in the mindset after uh eating a sizable loss. Um anyway, so for the 22nd here, again, I don't catch any of this. And then I go eat my meal uh my of this. And then I go eat my meal uh my of this. And then I go eat my meal uh my oatmeal. I pretty much always have the same uh meal every morning. It's that's like my uh like my Steve Jobs ethos. I pretty much always have two meals that are exactly the same every single day. Um, just like lowers your bandwidth, you know, it's like easier to plan, saves me time, it's very nutritious. It's like oats with fruit and vegetable, protein powder, um, chia seeds, fruit. Anyway, I digress. So, the uh the trade that I did on the 22nd was just this very very straightforward, very straightforward trade. On very very strong trending days, like I I typically will do two kinds of trades. It's either going to be a pass back over the Deepo for like a a higher low play, typically the 15-minute higher low. Um or on very trendy days, what'll often what'll often happen is the Deepo will not be back tested. And instead, what'll happen is like you you'll just get like a 15-minute back test. So, for example, um here, let me just try to find a different chart here. Um, all right. So, let me try to find like a very trendy day. Let's see here. Like this day, you probably don't really get a deep back test, right? But later on in the session, if you get like this little 15-minute sideways and then breakout, you can get this back these back test plays here. Or this guy, this one's even better. Right now, this is not a big trade on the day, right? So, like this little 15-minute balance over here, perfect back test of it. The trendiest days very often, they'll just back test a 15-minute breakout point. So, this is not like a huge day by any means, but it does, you know, see a follow through into the next session. And this is something that you'll see time and time again. This is something you can you can you can, you know, really really take to the bank. Um, in my opinion, again, often times they're not much of a move, but um, you know, it's it's still worth taking the trade. This one's not super too clean. You don't even get a back test of it. But here's some pretty good ones. But this is not really like a super trendy day. It's just like a bounce day. Um, anyway, just look out for it. I promise you, you will see that shake out very often. So, that's what I was looking for in the rut. I mean, I'm talking about this ahead of time. I'm saying, um, I guess I didn't include those comments, but I whatever. It was just what I was just saying right now. And I noticed that on this at 12:31 that buyers are defending this guy. So, at 12:31, I I like I was fixating on ES first and I didn't get the trade that I wanted. Um, shout out to Madame Stamos, John Stamos from Family House. Saved me from that. I was talking to him. I probably would have fired off there and ate a stop. Um, but what happened was I noticed that at 12:30, so that's over here. So, after this move, I realized, okay, well, it's the same concept that I was talking about, right, regarding the 15-minute structure, but it was a little different. It's not 15-minute structure. Um, it's more like a fiveminute structure. It's not even, right? It's more like a even a two-minute, right? So this little twominute chop over here essentially consolidating this huge rip up technically this is consolidating this move and then this is consolidating this move right but you'll see that the buyers defended this structure many times right when I noticed it at 1231 again I was fixating on ES one defense two defense three defense 4 5 6 7 right this is the value area low but it's still defense so I'm thinking all right at this point I'm going to try to buy pass back over the value area high because that's what's worked all the times over here Now it comes down to the point of control. So I figured, you know what, I'm just going to eventually what I was thinking was I'll buy this pass back over the value area high and then I'll play to here. This first target here is where at this point in time where the the the u the next highest volume node besides the development point of control was here. So my original plan was okay, let me see I set it up like this, right? And I know that okay, I can run this much risk on it for 1.5R, right? But then I see us come down to the developing point of control. I mean to the point of control of the key structure and I just buy that move over the um uh point of control, right? Because I'm just thinking, all right, well that's that's a reasonable trade and it's the the initial target, the deep is even better, right? Like I had much less confidence in getting over here. I had much more confidence in getting to the deep because the develop point of control is where the most volume was traded on the session. It kind of acts like a magnet, right? People want to get that fair value price. for a very value price in the moment. So that was it. I just bought this, passed back over the um uh point of control, set it under there, and I thought this was 1.5 R. So I literally measured this out just like this. Gave myself some like a wiggle on top and then like one tick under it. And then I hovered over this and I thought it was 1.5R. I swear I thought it was 1.5R, but then afterwards I noticed it was 1.4R. So that's just like huge bias, right? That's just like FOMO. You see this big move up, massive bias, the trade makes sense. So I just saw what I wanted to see, I think. So I just point out that that was a bit of a a red flag. And then that was a bit of a a red flag. And then that was a bit of a a red flag. And then I say I'm looking for more out at 71.8 and then ideally we can just see, you know, 15-minute higher highs. But this was a day where most of the move was already done. So just to get to that second target, I have to wait to the MOC. This is the MOC move. And then and then um so I take an exit there and then I just took the last part out um on this leg down. I was going to do it on the SS leg down. I was going to do it on the SS leg down. I was going to do it on the SS and I just hesitated but then once it started really picking up I just took it off too. So I mean it's a nice base hit pretty much all base hits. No actually one trade was pretty solid but maybe like a double or triple on a couple base hits, right? So um not a bad week by any means and um that's really it. Yeah, that's really it. Liquidity was also not great on some of those plays. So, it's actually eating some slippage there. Um, when when you I think not it's not great. If you trade like a like dozen contracts or so on the right, sometimes you you eat some meaningful slippage. Anyway, um that's pretty much it, my friends. So, um yeah, if you feel like I've earned a like and subscribe, that would help us out a lot. Appreciate that. Lets us know to keep making content like this. Um, and if you are interested in getting trades zone, send your email every single week. You get update from me, update from Dan, live updates for any trades that we take. Some pretty good ones recently. Uh, MU overnight 10% or 2day 10% move. Uh, PEP, finally got an exit in PEP. That's like a 1.5R 7% move or something like that. Um, yeah. Then, uh, check out the Singapore links in description below. Otherwise, I appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see you next time. Farewell.