============================================================
Video: ttfkMe2Oarc
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: $1M Verified Trading Profit Milestone!
Date: 2025-11-24
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 10462
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:16.431868
============================================================

Hey everybody, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Excited for today's interview. I'm here with Tidal or also goes by so talk in the chart guys chat room and recently celebrating a milestone. And my favorite part about this whole thing is that you were not saying, "Hey, look what I'm doing." It was another account saying, "Hey, look what this trader is doing." And you were kind of like, "Yeah, that's me." uh and and so I love the fact that uh that we'll show this post in just a moment, but uh welcome. Thanks for joining us and giving us some of your time. I'm looking forward to asking you some questions about your trading journey. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good to be here. &gt;&gt; All right, so the post that was brought to my attention uh just recently yesterday and appreciate your speedy time hopping on with me here. So it was by Kinfo, which is the platform that traders verify profits in. You know, you can upload, unfortunately for me, you can only upload four years from Fidelity. I wanted to upload my 15 years, but uh you've got you've been on there since 2018. So, there is a a significant amount of your trading history. And I'm showing the graph right now that shows your exponential move up. And the post was celebrating your uh milestone of a million dollars verified profits and highlighting how 750,000 of those profits have come in the last four months. And one of the more &gt;&gt; that's actually this this entire year. But um &gt;&gt; thank you for clarifying. And another clarification is not really an options trader you told me. Uh so the instruments that this was mostly would you say what were they? &gt;&gt; Stocks and futures. I'd say it's about 60% stocks 40% futures. &gt;&gt; Okay. And the thing that stood out to me as I'm showing on the screen here is the winning trades all time percent 37. And if you cover everything else up and you showed 37% win rate and you ask a hundred people, you know, is this a profitable or a losing trader? They would probably guess that it's a losing trader. and uh talk a little bit about you know that that number 37% win rate and uh how you know that is can be a little bit misleading let's say uh it can be misleading in the sense that um oftent times I will take multiple stabs at the same setup and kind of scale into positions there where I might take um you know two three stopouts maneuvering trying to get into comfortably into a position for for a trade idea And when that goes in my favor, um, you know, that'll make up for all those little paper cuts that I took positioning there to where, um, yeah, there's a screenshot I sent you there where this was an trade on ALAB that I took, uh, like 18 months ago, um, where it looks like I took four attempts at it. You can see some of them are small little paper cuts where I was, you know, threw something on and immediately was like, "Nope, we're going to cut that. That's it's not going to go yet." But when it eventually does go, um, it makes up for all the losses and then some and it's still worthwhile. But if you do the math, that that's only a 20% win rate for that specific trade. &gt;&gt; So that's the the perfect example of cutting your losers short and letting your winners run. And even, you know, that that last stopout you had there, which was uh again another small one, uh that was, you know, technically a better entry in terms of price, but wasn't, you know, you didn't like the setup for whatever reason. And uh it was that that last attempt. Let's see just rough math. We'll say uh it was a loss of 1300 on four failures and then a win of 3,400 on the one win. So again, just a perfect example where win rate can be deceiving and just gota gotta use a a stop first. I should ask, do you use a stop-loss on every trade? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I do. &gt;&gt; Okay. Just just wanted to make sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I get a little bit fancy. Um particularly with setups that I really like, I'll scale into and out of those. Each of those scales will often have their own stop-loss, but yeah, I have a pretty well- definfined system for how I'm managing risk with that. &gt;&gt; Great. So, let's uh let's talk a little bit about your journey. So, uh when did you first start trading? What market did you first get interested in? And what was your first two to three years like? &gt;&gt; Um so, I started back during um the summer of 2017 with crypto. I had bought a small amount of Bitcoin back in 2013. completely forgot about it. And um I had just graduated from school at the time, got my first job and it was like I've got a little bit of money. I think I had around $3 $4,000 of Bitcoin at the time and I was like I'm going to double that with money from my pay for my job and use that to try to trade because it was something that had always interested me. And you psychologically I was like Bitcoin's free money. If I ever lose half of it, you know, then it's, you know, well, we'll quit. And I just got, you know, stupidly lucky that I ran into the market that I did to where I had zero idea what I was doing in 2017 and still made money because, you know, it ran up to 20,000 off of, you know, starting at 1,000 or whatever. &gt;&gt; What month in 2017 out of curiosity, do you remember that? &gt;&gt; Um, I know I joined the chart guys in September. It was probably something like May. &gt;&gt; Yeah, same with me. May 2017. &gt;&gt; It was Yeah. &gt;&gt; The just the parallels of our journey. Uh, and I'm going to ask you a little bit more details about yours is year 8 is when you this year was when things got exponential for you. Uh, so you'd say you know what 75% of your total career profits are this year. Is that roughly right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's about right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so for me it was year seven in 2017 &gt;&gt; And so for me it was year seven in 2017 &gt;&gt; And so for me it was year seven in 2017 was my exponential year. And the prior six years were 10% of my a after 2017 90% of my career profits were in 2017. And so that the takeaway that I want everybody to get from that is years of grinding, years of where I show everybody my P&amp;L from the first six years. Nobody would want to do that. Probably minimum wage below below that. Uh and it's then that that with the moment where did it feel for you this year like the stars aligned to a certain degree like everything you preparing for was for this moment. um a little bit. Yeah, I would say the one being like I've just gotten better at recognizing setup like setups that are actually a quality and getting you know comfortable enough pushing size and then uh you know I've got a system where everything's percentage based on my account balance. So, as my account has grown rapidly, it's um you know, I've just uh been using the same percentages where it's like, you know, the numbers are getting big, but this is what the the setup dictates I'm supposed to take from a size standpoint. So, that's what I'm using. And um just been, you know, telling myself, you know, keep pushing it things until it it stops working and you know, get ready to slam on the brakes when it does kind of thing. Um to not give it back. &gt;&gt; So, going back first few year, okay, so you're in crypto, you luck out again. Same with me. I stumbled into first year stumbled into a cannabis penny stock boom. Didn't know what I was doing. Same thing. Uh what was the next couple of years like? So did you you gave back a bunch of profits in 2017 I assume or how did that go? &gt;&gt; Um so 2017 and the first half of 2018 did good. I actually did good shorting crypto once that topped out. &gt;&gt; Wow. That's impressive. Um I I actually got off of Coinbase because you aside from Kraken, you couldn't short anywhere in the US and there it was so illquid compared the charts like I where I would put stops on Kraken. I would be getting stopped out left and right. Um so I went over to Bitfinex on an unverified account. You weren't supposed to be trading if you were a US citizen, but they let you have an unverified account and it was I did decent with that. Um, but the the dollar started to get up there to where I'm like, um, you know, I didn't have a ton of money, but I was like, the bulk of my net worth is in this account that I could just lose access to. This is dangerous. So, I started mid 2018 transitioning over to stocks and futures um just to kind of move away from that. And um, &gt;&gt; was that a seamless transition in terms &gt;&gt; No, that's that's where I was going to go with that. I would say it was probably a year, maybe upwards of 18 months before I started making money in stocks and futures. I didn't um I knew enough not to blow up my account um at least like I was still had some decent draw downs um but it was there I remember at least a year of my account being stuck in this plus or minus 10% range and being really frustrated where it just it felt like I was just going nowhere um from a balance standpoint. Um, &gt;&gt; and so then, okay, so let's say we're now into 2020, 2021. Uh, you started to become more profitable with futures and stocks. Obviously, the 2021 hype euphoria market helped with that, I assume. &gt;&gt; Um, yep. So, that went well. And I I'll back up and say it was 2018 or 19. I was back up and say it was 2018 or 19. I was back up and say it was 2018 or 19. I was slightly red on one of those years. I know from like a tax standpoint, I was down like seven grand or something overall on the year. Um, and then yeah, 2020 21 both went well. um because of the again we're in a high euphoria market. Um but the one of the things I did um as part of that that kind of burned me in 22 is I thought I was being really clever by having long positions in my account and then day trading on just the available margin in 2021 and whatnot. And I was thinking, you know, um you know, even if the market pulls back, like that's fine. You know, I'm I'm a tank psychologically. I can handle this. It's not a big deal. uh when if uh the market were to pull back and I I was not prepared for for tech to pull back 30 40% whatever it was in 2022 and I had a lot of high-f flyier stuff like I had like Palanteer and Alibaba that are dropping 70% and it was so frustrating to me in 22 um to where I'd have a good day trading and my account balance would be lower and it was just day in and day out of that to where eventually sometime like halfway through the year maybe like eight months it was it was getting near the bottom of 2022 where I just gave up and I'm like I can't do this. We're selling all the long positions. This is going to be a day trading only account kind of a thing. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, just to summarize, you you held long swing positions while day trading around them. The day trading was still going all right, &gt;&gt; but uh your your swing positions were too large in relation to what you were day trading. &gt;&gt; It was and it was impacting my day trading to where I felt like I had to at least make up for whatever was my swings were down and whatnot. And I just I wasn't like hedging properly or anything. It was just like, you know, I was trying to find setups to offset things. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; I was just say, so that year 2022, I was &gt;&gt; I was just say, so that year 2022, I was &gt;&gt; I was just say, so that year 2022, I was I was red that year. Um, and that was the first and that definitely felt like a step back in terms of I had, you know, three four years of green and I'm like, crap, like is, you know, uh, am I doing like this right? I I thought, you know, at least that like I had, you know, prior years P&amp;L to plan, but I I basically gave back all of my 2021 gains in 2022. Again, the parallels with me that was 2022 was my first red year in seven or eight years and it was because the swing or longer term no touch positions that I had were too large and trying to offset them while day trading uh I didn't do enough. Uh so that's and one one important note for you is throughout all this you've had a full-time job. That's correct. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yep. &gt;&gt; So you're working regular. Are you is it remote? Are you at home? Are you going &gt;&gt; No, it's not remote. Um I've got about a 30 minute commute. It's um it's uh I work 2:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Eastern. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you get the open. &gt;&gt; Yep. So, I get the open and then um I'm &gt;&gt; Yep. So, I get the open and then um I'm &gt;&gt; Yep. So, I get the open and then um I'm sitting in front of a computer all day. I'm able to dabble a little bit or at least manage open positions if I've got them at work without too much trouble. Uh my uh boss and boss's boss are aware that I do some trading. &gt;&gt; That's good. Yeah. We don't need to hide it. That's good. Uh, so, so psychologically speaking, I'm assuming that that Can you talk a bit about that impact of your your primary income while you're figuring trading out? &gt;&gt; Um, that I think is what has allowed me to one stick with trading for as long as I have. You know, being on year eight now, I'd always hoped that it would turn into a bigger thing. Um, but it's not guaranteed. And it's um, I pretty much treat my trading account as if it doesn't exist from a financial planning standpoint. So, I'm still shoveling as much money as I can from my regular job into, you know, my 401k and my IRA. All of my expenses are based off of my my primary income. Um, and yeah, the trading accounts, you know, the, you know, maybe retire early, maybe go full-time trading at some point one day. But, um, it makes it a lot easier to risk money psychologically knowing that I don't need to make money trading to pay my mortgage, pay my bills, that sort of thing. &gt;&gt; Interesting. So the trading is essentially all bonus and I'm assuming that's psychologically helped you detach from it where worst case scenario you're still fine. &gt;&gt; Yep. That's that's exactly um what it is to where like my trading account could go to zero tomorrow. It would not impact my ability to you know retire at normal retirement age. &gt;&gt; That's great. Um were there was there a point in the first five six years where you felt like giving up in a serious way? I mean, we all have the, you know, the knights of doubt or whatever, but in a serious way, &gt;&gt; not super seriously, I would say. Um, I mean, I definitely had some doubts or at least, you know, was frustrating with trading for periods of time. Uh, but I, um, I I enjoy it. I would say I, um, used to play video games professionally for a couple years back when I was in in college. I actually took a little time off school for that. And my energy for doing that competitively, I basically moved that over into trading. Um, &gt;&gt; wow. What uh what game &gt;&gt; I played? The one I was most into was Starcraft 2. I also did a little bit of Heroes of the Storm. &gt;&gt; Interesting. And we we just had a a Chart Guys member posting talking about video games. And I found this fairly insightful where she was saying, you know, she didn't grow up playing video games at all and she was struggling a little bit with the speed of day trading decisions and wondering if playing video games and needing to react fast on the fly, uh, if that was a, you know, a hidden benefit that some of us received playing video games growing up that maybe others didn't. And I had never thought of that. &gt;&gt; I think it is a little bit. And I would &gt;&gt; I think it is a little bit. And I would &gt;&gt; I think it is a little bit. And I would say specifically for the game that I um played, I don't know if you know much about Starcraft, but it's a um real-time like resource management game where if you're playing at a professional level, which I was I was pretty close to, you're doing three 400 actions a minute. Um it's fast and I've, you know, got a big setup with six screens to where I'll be in four or five trades at the same time um sometimes. And being able to manage that is something I I credit a bit to the multitasking that I picked up from that. It's not something, you know, you have to do to be successful at a trader, but I enjoyed doing that kind of trading sometimes. &gt;&gt; For me, it was a game called Utopia, which was a a textbased game. I don't even know what you would call it. It wasn't even graphics, but it was, you know, the same numbers and math and trying to build up your defenses and you go and attack this kingdom and uh yeah, just I found that that benefited me as well, just in terms of uh mentally and and again viewing things as points in a video game, which exponential year right now, I'm assuming you've you've been able to significantly detach as you mentioned your percentage base. So, while you know the same thing that you were doing used to be a $200 move, now maybe it's a, you know, $6,000 move or whatever, uh, and you're having to emotionally detach from the dollar aspect of things and treat it like points in a video game. Would you say that's where you're at mentally? &gt;&gt; Yep. That's that's um been my goal the entire time is basically to just um you know treat it as I I played a little bit of poker too and it's you know treating it the your your account balance as chips in a in a poker game and you're just trying to run up the the balance. So, I'm going to pull up the uh your chart again one more time here just we could talk a little bit about um the last two years because we were talking a little bit beforehand here and you talked about the percentage gains last year and I'm highlighting the the move up the percentage gains last year are the same were the same as this year uh but because it's from a smaller starting point it's a less significant dollar figure and you had a significant draw down from that Uh, so can you talk talk a little bit about 2024? &gt;&gt; Uh, so one of my goals going into 2024, and it's something I'm I'm still working on, was implementing um setup grading to be able to determine what makes an A setup different from a B setup and a C setup. And then assigning um risk amounts to that that are exponential. It's something Lance Britstein's talked a lot about. Um, and it's similar to to poker to where if you, you know, you've got pocket aces, you want to be betting more than when you've got 92 offsuit. um you know, maybe you want to play 10 jacks suited, but you want to be betting less than when you've got, you know, three of a kind, that sort of thing. Um and so I implemented a system for that and was having good success with it. My account was kind of starting to go parabolic last year. Um but I prior to that I had always been grading things or using roughly the same sizing. Maybe there was times where I'd like, you know, used twice as much because I like the setup, but it it wasn't any sort of system to this degree. And um I ran into a string of where it was just kind of a setups over and over again. And so I my account was compounding really quickly, but I got lazy and just stopped grading things. I was treating everything like it was an A setup. And um just yeah, as fast as that compounds the upside, it does the same in reverse. And so last year um was my best year from a dollar amount standpoint, but it was it was not what it could have been. Um certainly that was one where this time around I'm trying to correct course correct for that. &gt;&gt; So you were pumping the gas last year going aggressive into the momentum you had and didn't recognize was it a market shift? Uh &gt;&gt; um I think things shifted a bit with the market. It was also I was experimenting more with futures and just was using too much leverage um trying to get into too big a positions. Um that as well. Um, NQ has been both one of my my best and worst tickers this year depending on the month. Um, I got burned on the tariff stuff this year where I was correct in trying to look long at the bottom but I just could not hold the size that I was trying to when the NASDAQ is running 10% today. Like that's just insane. &gt;&gt; And you know dropping that amount as well like it's &gt;&gt; So what was the percent draw down from peak 2024 towards where you based out before this next leg started? Um it was I don't know maybe 40%, maybe 50. It it was up there. I was um uh you know mentally try and treat it as okay, we're still up on the year. We technically haven't lost money. I'm going to owe money come tax time. But it was it definitely sucked psychologically uh knowing how much I had given back. And I mean there was definitely some revenge trading and stuff in there whereas like I was you know trying to convince myself setups were better than they were. just, you know, uh trying to hold things longer than they were cuz I was like, well, this, you know, was a day trade, but if I caught the daily high or low on this, then, you know, I'll make back all my money. It's, you know, doesn't work out. &gt;&gt; I find that, uh, I'm I'm sharpest, I'm most disciplined, I'm the best at following my rules after a big loss. Uh, would you say that it was motivating to you in that regard where it's like, all right, you know, I'm putting a stop to this draw down. I'm getting refocused again. You know, did you take a break, step away? What did you do? Um, I took a little bit of a break, but it was more I just forced myself to size down um was the biggest thing and just because I um I mean I've been doing this for eight years, but I definitely there's still certain setup types that I I wouldn't say I'm uh that I would say I'm still in the learning phase for that to where I'm still trying to get in as many reps as I can on certain setup types. So, there's one where it's like I don't want to fully detach from the markets because also that's difficult to get back in the swing of things if I take a couple weeks off. Um, so I was just forcing myself to to size down and to be like, "Okay, [clears throat] you know, instead of, you know, having, you know, uh, $1,000 of risk on today that were uh is available, it's, you know, $100 kind of thing. Like, let's just try to rebuild a base and, um, uh, get some wins under my belt again." And also um I will um I I look at what other traders are doing for Confluence um in terms of when to um setups that I I maybe want to step on the gas again for um be it if you're posting about something um you know or um you know like like Lance there there's a few traders who I consider better than myself who whose opinion I respect and you know if I think something's a good setup and you know they also think it's a good setup it's like okay I probably should be putting size onto um or you know putting extra effort. &gt;&gt; So right into that transition my biggest fumble of this year is short and quantum and that's one of your better wins right what what this year would you say have contributed the most to this fourmonth straight up move in your &gt;&gt; um it was a bunch of what I would consider a setups over and over again. Um the start of it was actually lucking into uh open door early on like 83 cents. Um, I I I I don't remember who's there was some that showed up on someone's watch list. I didn't know it was like a Wall Street Bets's name or it was going to turn into that. And I was day trading it and it held up weirdly well to where I don't normally swing stocks overnight, but I swung that position and it didn't do a ton the next day, but went up a little bit more. Um, and then I noticed started noticing all the the chatter on Twitter and Reddit. I was like, "Oh, this is like GameStop 2.0. I should not be selling any of this and just seeing where it can go." Um, and so I I made um where it can go." Um, and so I I made um where it can go." Um, and so I I made um that's that initial first big spike on that graph. Um, no, no, no, more to the left. Uh, that if I'm remembering correctly, I want to say that was that was open and that was like uh, you know, almost pure luck. I mean, I I day trade I I also it was luck mean, I I day trade I I also it was luck mean, I I day trade I I also it was luck in the timing, but it was also I credit myself into into day trading it, you know, safely and then recognizing what was going on. right and using social media for that uh as a gauge. That's that's impressive. &gt;&gt; And it looks like that led right into a double top at all-time highs and then a little bull flag uh that that you then got that new all-time high push after that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not sure what some of those other ones were, but I know then um Ethereum um was another was I think the next really big setup um where you had that weekly trend change in the ratio chart. Um, I caught some of that leg and then went bigger when it topped out and pulled back. Um, and caught that move up to alltime highs &gt;&gt; and that was into that was into Tom Lee on CNBC. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there was all that, you know, you had that CNBC heristic where it's like, you know, you're going to get everyone interested in that. You've got I was looking at the inflows in ETHA and uh was FE like the the various ETFs and you know, they're the highest ever each day. It's ramping up. It's like, okay, this is, you know, I should be trying to hold on to this. Um I'm surprised actually that we didn't see follow through. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; but uh Yep. I was one where I also knew &gt;&gt; but uh Yep. I was one where I also knew &gt;&gt; but uh Yep. I was one where I also knew it was it was enough uh prof even if we we don't um uh if we you know even if we we don't um uh if we you know even if we we don't um uh if we you know double top like we did. But &gt;&gt; so that so your mindset is similar to my approach in the sense of in that example, you know, I don't care if I leave money on the table. I'm not giving this back kind of deal. &gt;&gt; Pretty much. Yeah. It was one where I mean I tried to at least hold on to part part of the position. That was maybe some of that pullback um was where I was like, you know, I I thought this was going to run 5K, 6K, and it didn't. But I'm also I'm not it's it's too much P&amp;L to to give back. It's not worth it. Um if the setup's not there anymore. &gt;&gt; Uh so what what is your let's just say this year percentage guess long versus short trades? Um, I definitely more long just because of the market environment we've been in. But I would say some of my a lot of my But I would say some of my a lot of my But I would say some of my a lot of my bigger wins are to the short side. Um, and well actually I mean Ethereum not necessarily. It's maybe 50/50, but I would say recently a lot of it's been to the short side. Like this recent runup has been um bigger shorts like Quantum. I I got the the top in gold and played that like twice in terms of the bounce and then re reloading on that. Um, yeah, Quantum stuff. Ollo was big. Um, or way earlier this year, Circle, um, I I cringe in hindsight. I I was short like off of the 300 rejection off of like in the 290s. I had a a big short position. I sold it, you know, um, like 10 or like, you know, $30 down or whatever like that. Not uh, but it was it reminded me of Tillray, you know, running at 300. Um, that was that was what I was thinking. I was like, it's going to be the same thing. &gt;&gt; Wow. And so, uh, shorting quantum, you said shorting Bitcoin, you mentioned. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me I I sent you this this list. What else was in here? Bitcoin. I had some shorts on it. Um, the recent shorting NASDAQ. Um, I I was able to get that. Um, that was tough because I was short um big size into FOMC and that initially dumped if you remember, and I had to kill that position. I was I was sad. Um, but it was when I was like, it's still setup's still there. We're going to try to reposition again. And it finally rolled over. Um, and the Rivian monthly EQ breakout. I uh made a lot off of that. Um, you were the one who who turned me on to to that setup. Um, I really like that one. &gt;&gt; And it was Chart Guys members that turned me on to that setup. So, it's just this chain. &gt;&gt; Um, but but like you said, there are certain individuals where, you know, if you're doing your own thing and then someone else is pointing it out who you respect and like, oh, they're they're on that as well. It just levels up your confidence. &gt;&gt; Yep, it does. Yeah. And I think I I' I'm &gt;&gt; Yep, it does. Yeah. And I think I I' I'm &gt;&gt; Yep, it does. Yeah. And I think I I' I'm at a point, you know, now to where um at least for me, I can recognize if something really fits my criteria of an A setup, you know, it's like I feel like I'm it's the difference almost I mean I can list make a checklist of like the things that I'm looking for, but A setup and B setup to me it's almost like when it's an A setup I I just I see it and I it's an A setup I I just I see it and I it's an A setup I I just I see it and I feel like I'm a kid in the candy store. I'm like I'm going to make so much money off of this. Like everything looks perfect to it. And is that like an internal intuition kind of feeling for me when it's there's only been like two or three of the really macro ones where I call it like my bones are vibrating where it's like I just feel it in my core the certainty of what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Yep. It's it is like that. Yeah. And there's sometimes where it's um uh it's a little bit of a joke between uh me and Datsby, another Shark Guys member who I trade with every day that I I'm always a day or two early on some of this stuff. There's been some bigger setups where I've been I've been, you know, I'll stock them for a week and it I'll I'll try it a few times and it won't work and then, you know, two days later it goes and it's like, h, I'm just too early on this. But I I was right on the idea. &gt;&gt; Did Did me stoping out of quantum 3 days too early. Did that help you uh in any way? &gt;&gt; No, I don't um I don't think or I I don't know about like I wouldn't say it helped or or hurt necessarily. That was one where it wasn't just you. everyone on, you know, big trading accounts on on Twitter were looking to short quantum and whatnot. It was everyone was looking for a top. It just u I think it was almost there were too many eyes on it to for it to show set up cleanly. &gt;&gt; Honestly, that's one thing that made me a little nervous is everybody's talking about shorting it and of course we got that one last leg up that uh for me I had same thing too much size. So I, you know, I still I know I'm probably stopping out near the top, but if this is an anomaly and we do another 30%, I'm not going to get back the entire year of profits just st being stubborn. Uh, Fighting Blue Sky Breakout is, as you know, a high risk game. But yeah, that's a it's I'm I'm glad honestly it makes me feel better knowing that you did well short in quantum just knowing because I fumbled it. It's like, all right, at least somebody got it.  &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so let's talk a little bit about you mentioned Datsby and other people. You're in a few communities for trading. Uh how significant has the interaction been? You got you know how many people would you say? Do you have a core group that you're interacting with? Uh one of the other things that I I liked when you came out of the woodwork with this post was other people being like, "Yeah, this guy is extremely helpful. You know, shares his information and his time. Um you're on the we have a a full-time traders channel that does calls and you're on there. uh sharing your insight and information and you know Joe when I was like hey this is uh so talk Joey was like oh hell yeah you know I knew he was doing well because of what he's been sharing but I didn't know it was this well um so talk a little bit about how that has helped you and how you use uh other people. Um, so I yeah, I've got a a core group of a couple chart guys members and a couple people I've met through like uh Reddit or something over the years that um we do calls every morning. Um, and I find that super helpful just to be able to bounce ideas off of other people and um, you know, it's that confluence of, you know, if I if not only I think something is good, but also the other other people do as well. Um, that's, you know, an extra little check box in the favor of it of being a good setup. Um, but it's um, in terms of helping other people, that's something I would say was one of there's a few things I would say were level ups over the years in my trading progression. And it was maybe I it's probably year three or four. Um, I did a ton of free mentoring, probably like at least 100 people um, I hopped on calls with for like an hour plus. Um, and it was it was a lot of people who uh, you know, you can tell right out of the gate are like, you know, you either you don't have enough money to be able to trade or you know, you just don't have the right personality type for it. It's not the the right time um, for you where you're in your at in your life to be successful. But, um, being forced to explain my own understanding of concepts um, really helped reinforce them. Um, that was kind of my goal with that. I mean, I enjoy teaching and whatnot, but it was also just I felt like I was getting a lot of benefit out of it, having to explain myself over and over again and, you know, have people, you know, question what I'm doing. Um, you know, there were some people I talked to who were um had a decent amount of experience and were, you know, um, you know, poking at what I was doing a little bit. Um, you know, just asking good questions about it and whatnot. &gt;&gt; So, I can't highlight that enough. You know, I've said it plenty of times where it's mutually beneficial. If if I wasn't teaching people during the chart, guys, I'd be half the trader that I am right now. And as you mentioned, there there are times where I'll explain someone will ask me something and I'll explain a concept and my reaction is I would never have thought that deeply about it. I would never have pinpointed this is the reason I did that. Uh it's almost like highlighting things that are buried under some layers that you got to dig up. Uh so anybody listening, I can't suggest enough and it it's definitely a common theme in this day and age of trading with social media. By the way, have you have you met any of your trading friends in real life or are these all internet friends? &gt;&gt; These are all internet friends for the most part. Unfortunately, they're all over in California. They've met up. I haven't met them. &gt;&gt; That's that's the other thing is is again the first however many years we're not meeting these people. These are internet strangers. But that's the beauty of of the internet, you know, it it can be such a tool obviously. And uh yeah, I love that part of your journey as well and love that you have been so because again, you know, you're generous with your time, but it's definitely mutually beneficial. It's it's definitely helping you as well as helping others. One more question about that. For the people that you could tell don't have it for whatever reason, are you were you blunt and straightforward with them or sugar? &gt;&gt; Um I was usually um pretty nice. I'd often uh because there were some people who I'd run into who were expecting to be able to make money instantly or to be able to make percentage returns that don't make sense to where they're like I have $100. Can I, you know, make $10 a day with that? And that's like 10% a day like like no, probably not. No. Um and uh so I I often would send them your roadmap video. Um and uh Lance has got another video he puts out basically that is a condensed version of the same thing. I'll send them to both um usually people both of those and I'll be like hey if um watch these videos and then afterwards if you still think trading is something you want to do then then maybe it's right for you but um it's I mean both you guys are pretty brutal on what the timeline looks like that this is a multi-year endeavor. It's it's kind of like you're getting a college degree um and there's no guarantee of success at the end. It's unlike getting an actual degree. who I'm sure there I mean there have been so many people I mean you've seen it in the chart guys people who put in a few years and end up vanishing um and um it's tough um to actually be successful with it. Yeah, and it's as we know the the percentages are definitely small, but stories like yours, stories like you know trend and Devon and other people in the chart guys, we have another video like this with them. Uh gives the hope and and keeps the dream alive. But the video you mentioned, I'm hammering home. Don't expect anything for the first three years. Like get past year three and then we can talk about some actual goals of, you know, financial progress. So, uh, I'm glad to hear that Lance keeps it real in that regard as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's, um, going back to having a job, that was one of the things that I, I thought was potentially going to be a differencemaker for me to where I was, um, basically give trying to give myself infinite runway essentially, knowing that I don't know, I mean, some people learn faster than others. I don't know what my learning curve for this is going to be like. I've seen enough people do this successfully. I think I have the right personality type for it. I enjoy doing it. um I just need the time to be able to do it. And if I can time to be able to do it. And if I can time to be able to do it. And if I can have a job where I can um you know make decent money and also still uh trade u essentially full-time, perfect. I can do both. Um &gt;&gt; and so do you have any desire to to shift to full-time after this recent success or what's your thoughts that? &gt;&gt; Uh no, not yet. I mean, I have a a a &gt;&gt; Uh no, not yet. I mean, I have a a a &gt;&gt; Uh no, not yet. I mean, I have a a a dollar amount that I want to hit um that would be enough to go full-time, but essentially, it'd be, you know, if you're doing your like 3 to 4% withdrawal rate kind of math on retirement, it's it's that to where I'd want that big of a nest egg because I'd be derailing my normal career track. Um which I think is is, you know, a massive risk. Um market environments can shift. Um you know, I I'd like to think I could adapt. Um but maybe not. So, I' I'd want, you know, that in the bank um to then and then, you know, enough money to still trade and make it worthwhile on the side because that that'd be um you know, I'd like to get to that point because I think it'd be fun. I feel like that's actually when I' I'd push the gas even harder if I could go full-time with it. Like, because I I'm I'm lazy with certain stuff like um like journaling and things that I I wish I had the the time to be able to do more detailed writeups on things and game plan more and I just dealt with my schedule, you know. But uh that's one where I I definitely yeah if I ever get there I'll be it'll be fun. &gt;&gt; So you are currently in full momentum mode right now as we speak. Um and one of the first things that we talked about you know as I congratulated you was knowing the draw down that's inevitably coming but pumping the gas until it happens. And this is something that um has to happen if if if you're going to exponentially grow your account, there's going to be sizable draw downs along the way. Uh so where talk a little bit about where you are even just going into the end of the year, what we got five weeks left or so. Um you know, are you just going to keep hitting it? Is are you do you have open trades that you're currently in or are you starting fresh Monday or what? &gt;&gt; Um no open trades currently. Um, and yeah, I'm I'm being more cautious as we're getting closer to the end of the year and um I'll be a little bit limited just because of wash sales uh stuff coming up in December to where I'll be, you know, locked into futures and stuff that I haven't traded um so far in the year. But um nope, I at during this runup because of what happened last year when I was doing something similar, every day I've got the mindset of, you know, uh you know, give nothing back, get ready to slam on the brakes if setups stop working. um just to not have a repeat of that and just to force myself to keep grading things grading setups to where like uh to where it you know justify it to myself. Is this actually an A setup? Is this a B setup? Like is does my size match that and to not fall into a slump of just because things have been going well thinking that I can just you know throw a size at things and and make money for free without the effort. &gt;&gt; It's important to highlight the fact that we are heading into the end of the year because just with regards to that let's just use nice round numbers. Say you're up a million dollars on the year and you know an inevitable draw down's going to hit when you're going aggressive. If you draw down, you know, 60 grand December 15th versus January 15th, uh if it happens back here on this end of the year, you're offsetting, you know, some of your profit. You're paying less taxes. That's always my cope is when I get back some profit. You know, if I lose 10 grand, it's like, well, I'm only really losing 6,500 from my pocket. Uh yeah, but if that draw down happens in January, you know, you you can apply three grand of it, but uh it's not really gonna you're still going to pay the same taxes over here. And &gt;&gt; no, and and knowing that I'm going to have to pull out a lot of a lot for taxes in January. I also am kind of mentally preparing for that reset just in terms of my buying power, how much I'm, you know, what my sizing is going to look like, knowing that's going to be a big shift in the other direction. I've I know that I can handle the shifts going to the upside. I in my track record uh speaks to itself that I don't do as well going the other way. So, it's you know trying to mentally prepare for that and um the um you know not let it affect me. Um &gt;&gt; so yeah, it'll be it'll be a sizable artificial draw down just from &gt;&gt; Okay, that's interesting. Yep. And then and then the goal will be on for me one of the things I don't like about my own personality is my motivation ticks up as I mentioned after a bad trade. But you know if I'm grinding all-time highs for five months and then I have a a solid little draw down my motivation kicks up to get back to that level. Not necessarily in a rush. I don't care how long it takes but it's almost like all right now like I see the goal here because I didn't I don't have a clear cut goal otherwise. Um &gt;&gt; do you find that that will be you know potentially the same thing for you in terms of motivation or do you is it just all the same to you? Um no it's it's similar um that's own where I whenever I go through a a period of draw down be it um you know um actual draw down or artificial like this is probably going to be it definitely uh motivates me to get pick like be pickier look look more for uh for setups you know um just to go back to basics almost I would say in terms of you know making sure that I'm doing all the things that I I know are required to be successful. Um, &gt;&gt; uh, let's let's look forward a bit. So, goals for 2026, uh, what would you say are yours? &gt;&gt; Um, I haven't actually thought too much about this yet. Um, but I would say, um, continue doing what like working on the, um, exponential bet sizing stuff that I've been working on, set up grading. I feel like I've been getting better at that and I like that that approach. Um, aside from that, not um, you know, getting an ego about the fact that I made a bunch of money and giving money back because of that or getting into like revenge trading um, because of that. Um, I don't Yeah, I honestly would have to think about it a little more. I usually um, like if you ask me 2025, 24, 23, I usually had a clear goal of like I want to work on this or learn this skill set for the year. don't have one of those yet for for 26. Cool. &gt;&gt; Um uh actually the one that I could maybe say is I've been working on shorting lower float names. Um and uh &gt;&gt; can you give an example? &gt;&gt; Uh like beyond &gt;&gt; recently um that kind of stuff um and getting comfortable uh dealing with the halts and stuff that can come with that. Um that's a style of trading where I know there's a lot of money to be made there. I've seen a lot of people um doing well with those, but it's also it's different. Um and you know, you're you're on the short side and being short and that kind of stuff is dangerous in terms of you can you know can go farther than you expect and and blow up in your face. Um so just getting the sizing right there, doing that safely. Um &gt;&gt; and so you you don't have much of a presence on social media, is that correct? You've got a presence within some groups and things like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not much of a social social media person. some more observing guys like Lance and like the Short Bear and things like that. &gt;&gt; Yep. Short Bear is someone I follow as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can tell just by the your style and things and he's fairly recent for me too this past year. But same kind of deal. Uh and and one of the things that Lance said recently which I really appreciated uh which was my lesson with trying to short quantum on the way up is how he was talking about waiting for the top, sinking your teeth in on the back end on the way down. Uh, and that's that's a big takeaway for me this year in terms of my biggest mistake. Um, so yeah, that's great. I had one more question with regards to 2020. Oh, with regards to the broader market as a whole. So, tons of strength, seven months straight up off the Trump tariff lows. Uh, in terms of your swing exposure, are you sizing down at all to not repeat the the 2022 draw down or what's your approach in that regard? Um I I mean so my swings are not long-term swings. They're usually a couple days at most. Um even having to I and my swings are usually futures and even those I'll cover them over the weekend. I just I don't like holding stuff overnight. um the psych the psychological freedom of just not not caring what happens &gt;&gt; that and I'm always just worried that you know there's gonna be some crazy headline you know someone's gonna um you know some some someone's going to light off a nuke or something and you know I'm going to the market's going to be down 10% and it's you know going to kill my account. Um so it's it's that kind of thing. And and with regards to your standard approach to the financial world with working sticking it in the IRA, um do you have I assume you have long-term no touch positions in the S&amp;P 500 or whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're all pretty much in low expense ratio S&amp;P 500 tracker ETFs. Um at least that's that's my entire 401k is that my IRA is about half that. And then some other stocks that I like, they're mostly big cap tech stuff like Microsoft, Apple. Um and then my about half my IRA is in cash. I have been experimenting with some day trading like swing trading, hedging, that kind of stuff um with that. So like this recent pullback um I hedged out the the IRA using futures. Um &gt;&gt; um do you have any opinion? Last question. Any opinion in terms of uh the the the theme that's been gaining popularity is blowoff top into big, you know, big bare market. Uh do you have any feelings on that or are you more just one day at a time? Uh, take it as it comes. &gt;&gt; I'm a little more one day at a timeish. I It's It's hard for me to make a prediction on that. Um, to to me, I feel like that could go either way. I see what people are pointing out with the circular deals that are going on um with and you know, Nvidia and AMD and whatnot. But it's at the same time, aside from Oracle, all of those companies, it's you know, they had mountains of cash that they had been sitting on for a decade that they didn't know what to do with that they're now plowing into this. It's not like these companies aren't making money. Um, so it's hard for me to say that's going to implode or at least implode anytime soon. Like it could keep trucking along for, you know, a few more years if it before it turns into a bubble if it is going to. Um, and it could also not be a big crash. It could also just be more of a slow bleed kind of thing where maybe things um where we have a couple years when the market just kind of goes sideways. Um, and I don't think that's on people's radar. either we're, you know, running to the moon or it's going to we're we're crashing back down to the tariff lows. And it's like there's lots of other options in between. Um so I'm just yeah, you know, trying to um trade things uh you know, each day as they as they come. If uh things set up nicely in the indices, I'll I'll try some swing trades, but otherwise I I I don't, you know, force myself to have a a long or short position on those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh well, I appreciate your time very much. One more thing. Let's say someone's year 1, two, three, four watching right now. Uh, what is the main takeaway in terms of your little three sentence blip of advice? Um, I would say don't expect success right away. And if you want to be successful, set yourself up with as big of a runway as is possible. um be that have, you know, more money than you would think in savings if you're trying to to go full-time with it or um you know, work a part-time job, full-time job while you're you're trying to learn. Um on the topic of new traders and what you should be doing when you're starting out, I wanted to touch on the idea that I think it's important not to reinvent the wheel when you're first starting out. I've spent a lot of time in new trader discords and taught a lot of new traders and there seems to be this mentality where people often tell new traders that they need to come up with strategies on their own and that they need to back test those and validate their own edge and I think that's really the wrong approach. You don't do that in any other aspect of your life. If you want to learn something, if you want to learn how to play tennis, you take lessons. They teach you how to racket and hit various shots. Uh if you wanted to, you know, be a doctor, you go to med school. And I unashamedly, I'd say, spent the first eight plus months of my career trading largely just copying what other people were doing. Um, that was, you know, copying Dan or I know I spent a lot of time copying uh Atan and Jules um and the chart guys, various people on Twitter. And I was diligent about it. I would grill them in DMs asking, you know, specifics of why it was they were entering where they they did, why' they exit, what were they seeing. But I think just starting out it's really difficult. Um, I mean, when you're first starting, just to risk, get used to risking money and risking money, having to figure out where to enter and exit, that's all hard enough without having to worry about whether or not the setup you're in is even valid. Um, knowing at least that you're in a a decent trade setup is um makes things so much easier when you're first starting. And the progression for me was I distinctly remember an evening where I saw a trade setup that I thought was valid. this was, you know, probably eight months in and 30 seconds later, someone whose opinion I valued posted about it and that was kind of the aha moment for me um where I knew that I was starting to get all these concepts and that was what gave me the confidence to then start taking my own trade setups and you know doing reviews for those and it was then a slow progression of me taking less and less setups that other people were posting and starting to to take more and more of my own ideas um to where now you know that's that's all I'm doing for the most part um or the bulk of them are and it's I I would say more like year three four where you can expect a trader to maybe start coming up with strategies of their own or to combine various things that other traders are doing. I I would say my own style of trading now is a combination of a lot of the concepts that the the chart guys S&amp;B Capital and Lance Brightstein all teach and it's a kind of a big mish mash of all of them. Um and yeah, that's uh I just kind of wanted to touch on that. All right. So, so tech title appreciate your your time very much and and you know your contributions in the chart guys community and elsewhere. Uh again, the stories like yours definitely are huge motivators for me and others that are watching. Uh so very much appreciate your time and uh look forward to following along with your journey from here. &gt;&gt; Thanks. See, I good chatting with you.