============================================================
Video: SA9OjzSgx1A
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Liquidation Break Imminent?
Date: 2025-07-20
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8751
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:44.372344
============================================================

Buyers are making new highs, but they're having a hard time holding on to the gains indicative of poor location longs. So, it's a liquidation break setting up. And would that be healthy for the market? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chartist team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we'll go over that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with um SPY here. And so what I was talking about just now is, you know, we're making these new highs, but the buyers aren't really seeing that much followthrough, which does create a potential rising wedge situation. But a rising wedge and all-time highs is like, you know, typically if you're going to play a rising wedge pattern, you would prefer to see there's like some overhead supply above the wedge, which would be indicative of these, you know, buyers unable to absorb the supply that's above. Um, that's not the case right now. We don't really have any overhead supply. So, I don't really love being an aggressive seller in this market. But still, it's good to call things for what they are. And the fact that we're seeing these higher highs lacking followrough is indicative of weak buyers because um what is happening, right? Like when you have when you have these higher highs that lack follow-through, what is likely occurring is you have short-term operators, daytime frame uh operators, day traders, whatever. they are coming into the trade, they're coming into the buy as long as there's momentum. And if that momentum wains, then they're really quick to exit. And so that's that's typically what creates this kind of price action. Now, that being said, you know, how how effective are the sellers right now? Not very effective, right? They're not really creating any change. They've not negated this July 2nd breakout, which has created all of this balance since July 2nd. And so um should we be concerned with a liquidation break? I think the potential for a liquidation break on the weekly time frame is there. You have three weekly lows that are very close to each other. So if you do see sellers enter the market next week, the potential of us taking out all three of these lows together, creating for a bit of like a um cascading stop-loss situation, again a liquidation break kind of situation is is decent, right? that that potential is certainly there because you have stops likely under all three of these lows. And if you trigger the stops under here, then it's close enough that it might trigger these stops. It might trigger these stops and then this is all pretty much one-way trades. So, you know, can get kind of squeezy here to the downside. But would that be problematic? Not really, right? There's still a good amount of space for, well, I should say it depends. How much retracement we see on that liquidation break, assuming we do get a liquidation break, will be very telling. Right? This is a very common occurrence if you break. First of all, let's just like highlight over here for example. It's a very similar situation where you have three weekly candles relatively close to each other. You trigger the stops from here and it takes out actually takes out five lows. Um that's the kind of situation that we're in right now. It's very similar. And um so then let's let's also take a look at what happens very often when you kind of vshape to a new high, particularly a new all-time high. Uh it's not really a Vshape here. Here's one. Right. So you you kind of V-shaped to a new high here and you see this consolidation um under this prior alltime high here, right? This this breakout over here and then you see a retracement bit of a liquidation break, right? A lot of weekly lows close to each other, cascading stop losses, but you don't even come back to back test 2022 high. That's no problem. Here's another good point, right? Good uh example where you V-shaped new highs and then you kind of you kind of balance around the all-time high for a while. So, this breakdown wasn't really problematic. Not really, because they didn't even really get back to I'm sorry, they did, but they couldn't find acceptance back under this area of local daily demand. So, that's kind of what we're looking at right now. It's a very similar situation, right? If we do happen to see this liquidation break, we we're still monitoring the same things, right? Do the can these sellers get back down under the prior all-time high? And if they can do that, can they get back under this local demand zone? This is really the most meaningful area of demand um in recent history, right? this is just a tiny little three or 4 day balance or really what we care about is remains this area here. So, you know, I would say liquidation break would would be fine if we if you if you take out some of these board location longs, shake out a bunch of these buyers that that are just, you know, came in a little bit late. Um, then and if you don't negate major change on higher time frames, then it's it's probably right back to business for buyers here. So, that's really it. I I don't think we set up a trade zone, Davidson. I'm not sure. I guess not. But if we were to do something, you know, something down here, I think would be pretty reasonable. If you're looking for a pullback, uh, play something along these lines, ideally in like hourly oversold conditions, and you're just looking to play it back to the monthly R1 is what I would be looking out for at least. Something like that would be pretty reasonable. Uh, moving on to the Q. So, the Q's is kind of similar, but it's it's showing me some relative strength. This is much better followthrough than the ES. So, it looks a little bit better, right? So, if you were if I think if we zoom out to if you were if I think if we zoom out to if you were if I think if we zoom out to the weekly time frame here, we still have these three weekly lows very close together. But if you look at the um No, that's right. We still have these three weekly lows very close together. So, there is still the potential that we see a bit of a liquidation break if we can break if the sellers can break yesterday's weekly low or last week's weekly low. But, it's the same it's the same situation, right? If we can't get back under the February 2025 high, then bigger picture, these buyers are doing just fine. It's based on the weekly time frame for a higher low over 52365. And I care primarily about this guy and this guy, right? Again, there's this is really the most meaningful area of daily balance in uh recent history, right? This is not really that much balance, 4 days or so. This is really the big chunk of demand. You can see how much more value was established over here uh compared to just over here. So that's what I'm looking at. There's a little bit of relative strength regarding the pivot points. The QQQ did already get up to the monthly R1 whereas the SPY and the ES near miss for now. Um that's really it. That's all that I care about honestly. It's really just if we do begin to retrace then I care about here. And uh if we retrace next week and can't even get back under 55763 then these buyers really have no problems. That being said, you know, if you're swinging trading, I I don't really love initiating new positions here, right? I'd rather see a little bit of weekly retracement or consolidation, just some sideways trade, something to consolidate this move before looking to initiate any new longs. But if I had to pick, it would be off of these structures here, similar to the uh ES and the SPY. You know, something along these lines, I think, would be reasonable. And again, I think you'd just be looking to play back to where we just if assuming we fall out of here. Something like this, I think, would be pretty reasonable. Uh, moving on to the rut here. So, for the rut, it's still just bouncing sideways after this July 1 breakout. Again, a very notable rejection from this point of control. This is the point of control of this big block of supply right now that's being problematic for these buyers. Um, but at the same time, no negation of this daily breakout, and these sellers failed to come down to the lows of the range over here, 21397. So, I'm thinking probably just more chop here in the uh rut. Uh space for daily higher low. Anything over 21691 is going to be good for one. But honestly, I really just care about 21741. That's really it. Like I I I you know, price action trends I do think are valuable. Um especially like lower time frame like if you're doing daytime frame stuff trying to catch like 15minute pivots on the day time frame. Very often those are good pivots to hold into the rest of the session. Not always um but very often that's a good time frame for the daytime frame a good uh yeah time frame to do daytime frame operations but um you know for me I I really care primarily about like horizontal levels because they are indicative of change right when you break out of a new level of course that's a change relative to that prior high or that prior low and if you can't negate that that breakout then technically that breakout continues to be a firm or breakdown. Um, so that's really it. Should we do a trade zone for this guy? I don't remember. Uh, it's the same dealio, right? Like if we were to come back down, test the lows of this range over here, but hold the back test of this. I don't have it drawn out, but this demand zone over here, much more volume over here. So, something along these lines, trying to get back to the point of control, I think is pretty reasonable. And I I'm not too interested in being a seller until we can create some like clear daily overhead supply. So if I if you want to be a seller, I would wait for a breakdown under this guy, find some acceptance under here, and then look for back test plays against this structure, looking to play it back down here. Um, all right. So moving on then to the Dow. Uh, so the Dow hanging out, trading sideways. This is very, very healthy consolidation right now. Potentially a weekly bull flag. So, if this is kind of leading the weekly retracement, like if this is the kind of weekly retracement that we see in the ES and the Q's, everything's going to be fine. Obviously, this is still, you know, it's still playing out. We don't really know if this is a bull flag yet, but if that's all the retracement that we get, then that's really healthy consolidation. This is a very reasonable place to be taking trade. There's a lot of value that was established was established here, not just locally, but also back here. There's the market just found a lot of, you know, acceptance in this area. You can see how much volume was traded here. So, if we were to retrace down to those levels, considering how much space the buyers have created over it, it would stand to reason these buyers would be interested in defending this uh area of demand over here. And then if they can break the new highs, then I'm looking up at the yearly R1 for uh synthetic resistance. Um that's pretty much it. Moving on to the dollar. So, the dollar again really very little change from week to week. Uh at this point now, we're still just watching this guy. This guy is what maintained all these lows over here. And then this was the next relevant area of demand after breaking down under here. And so holding this fella should have these buyers trying to make their way back over here. This is a lot of supply. So I would not be surprised if the sellers took an initial stand over here. Uh would it be for I think it would probably be for a potential weekly lower high. It would be for a potential weekly lower high. Don't really care about this little rinky dink one over here. And again there is a decent amount of supply not just locally but all of this over here as well. So it would be reasonable to be looking for some responsive trade essentially looking for the potential that we balance under 10.975 and over 96.075 would not be surprised by that. All right um potentially setting up of our inverse head and shoulders here. So if we do see some retracement and these sellers can't get back under 97.130 then we'll just keep that potential of a uh inverse head and shoulders on the table here. Moving on to gold. No change of gold. Gold's not really doing anything right now. A lot of hype is in like nuclear and um uh altcoins. So gold kind of taking a breather here. But this consolidation is still super healthy and I I I continue to maintain this is a very reasonable location to be looking for trade. Just looking for some responsive trade within this local range. There's really nothing else to say. It's pretty much just a flat week.17%. Um NVDA approaching this yearly R1 level. So at this point now, let's see, last week we suggested walking your stop up to under here. This is not really a clear area of demand, but you know, if you really wanted to be protective over any initi initiations from down here, it's not unreasonable to walk it up under this chop lo under this chop zone over here. Maybe under 15871, no later than uh 15149. Ideally, we'll see some more structure, like some more clear structure be created and then another breakout before a walk, though. I don't really like walking stops up on like little rinky dink higher lows. I prefer when there's like a a good few days, like at least a week or so of sideways trade to to have to have us confident that this like a clear demand zone that's broken out um and being affirmed. So, we don't really have that right now. Um so, you know, I wouldn't fault you if you were to leave your stop under here. Yes, that would potentially be, you know, giving back 13% or so, but you know, any initiations from here are up quite nicely, so it's not really that big of a deal in my opinion. And I prefer for these especially for swing trades to kind of give these trades a little bit of leash to to work. Um, that's pretty much it. And then if if we were to stop out here, honestly looking for a trade off the back test of this structure, I think would be very reasonable. There's a lot of value that was established over here. And that would potentially be for a weekly higher low. I think Nvidia still is positioned really well to just be, you know, to just honestly benefit a lot from all the AI expansion. I think Meta they're talking about some like I think it was like $10 billion data center project. So that's that's likely all going to be, you know, full of NVDA chips, I think. And then you have the China tailwind. They're they're they're allowed MVDA is allowed to sell like the the H20 chips again to China. And then Open AI is also talking about releasing a browser. So that's very interesting, right? Because if open AAI if that's if the browser is going to shift from you know like desktop CPUs right now obviously browsers running your computer um if they're going to shift to like large language models in data centers right theoretically that would be more GPUs necessary as well. It just, you know, it just looks like this shift away from not away but like not I guess it would technically let's just say towards more GPUs is increasing with the demand of large language models. So you know I I think pretty much any pullback on NVDA in the foreseeable future is is a buy in my opinion. It's just a matter of picking your location. Um that's pretty much it. Moving on to Bitcoin. So Bitcoin looks fine. It did pop and drop at the yearly R1 here. I was I would have preferred if it didn't get there um to use this trade zone. Looking for like a little bit of a retracement into that yearly R1, but it's already gotten there. But still, I still think this is a pretty reasonable, right? Looking for the potential that if we do begin retracement here to hold this big block of demand and then just potentially trade sideways like this targeting the trade zone, I still think it's very reasonable about 2.7R. I think that's pretty chill. IMO. Um, also looking for a potential weekly higher low over 98225.01 and that's really it. And then for Ethereum, so dipped into the trade zone and it's really just ripping here. This should be the next objective. This is where the buyers have been having problems ever since uh 2024. So, you know, really worked out quite well. Well, I know it's only one fill. If you were using this zone to a T, but even if you were just using that that fill and then the stop here, you're still looking at like a three-hour trade right now, right? If you just move this to there and then where you're at right now, that's still a three-hour trade. So, um, at this point, you're probably good walking your stop loss to like under 28, 2086. If you really want to give it leash, if you want to be the most conser aggressive with the with the walking, it would be under here. This new local daily demand over here. If you want to give it a good amount of leash, it would be under here. This this area over here. And even more leash, it would be here, right? Because the really the bulk of the volume throughout all this balance is in here. So, if you really want to hide your stop, you want to hide it on the other side of these high volume nodes. But, um, I think I if you've if you've not taken any profits at all, then I guess I would walk it up as tightly as possible. Um, at least a partial. But if you've chopped it up, I would just leave it under here. If you've taken some profits on the way up on this trade, I would just leave it under here and see if these if these buyers can't just make new highs. Um, Ripple is I think just made a new all. So, you know, um that's how I would approach it at least. And then finally for CCJ, I still think this is the most reasonable place to look for like a pullback entry here. Look for some weekly retracement. Earnings is also right around the corner. So maybe wait until after that. This chart looks totally healthy. There's really no red flags on this at all. Just affirming a new local daily demand over here. Um that's pretty much it. Tons of space for a weekly higher low. I don't really care about these little rinky dink ones. So, I would just say anything over this low, 35, will be good for a weekly higher low. This thing can retrace like 50% and still be a pretty healthy um higher level, maybe more like 40%. Um anyway, that's pretty much it. So, let's move on to trade review here. Um I think I think I got all my notes. Um all right. So for 7:15 it was uh just a I just bought the open on 7:15 which I think that was the gap, right? 7:15. Yeah, that was the gap up. So I was trying to just buy this gap and trying to go with the gap. Uh looking to play to I think it was the Q's, right? Um 715 here. Looking to play to this monthly R1. um because there was no overhead resistance and so I was just trying to buy a long and if it's a gap up open you're trying to buy a long the first place you have to be willing to play if it's cheap um is is is at the open right because if you can in the strongest possible day would be something like this right where you gap and go I think we got this day or I forget there was one trend day that there's a gap and go that we captured the entire trend I think it was that day I think it was on the ES though I think it was this either Okay, I was looking for a similar play like that, but of course um on on the 15th, it didn't shake out like that. But it worked out fine from like a just like a daytime frame perspective here because oh man, did I not rename it? Maybe I named it wrong. All right, that's a bummer. I thought I had done a good job and uh marked up all my references, but I guess not. All right, apologies. So, really all this was was just a play to the overnight high. So, we'll just mark it up right now. Let me hide all of these guys. And then for the 15th, we are over here. Opens here. and the overnight high So, it's just a buy, right? Because once you once you come off the open, um, you had a lot of time. I I I remember talking about this in the morning rundown. Yes. So, I I made this comment here about it was way better R than what was measured out in the morning rundown. And I was just giving an example of how we can play this gap. And so, in the rundown, I was I I laid this all out as such. Okay. It's like, you know, that you're targeting like something like just under the overnight high, you know, then what you want to see is like something pass back under the open. And I just had it anchored to like wherever we were at at that moment. Uh, and then you have just like this rough drawing, right? And I was I think I was trying to give it one I think I gave it two art actually. Something like this, right? And so you can have this like laid out right right on this candle, right? The 929 candle. You see it right there. that the open's probably going to be somewhere around there. So, you can kind of just estimate, all right, well, if we open up somewhere around here, as long as we're in the red box and then we buy the pass back over the open and we target the overnight high with a stop right here, assuming again, so this would demand that we open here, right, somewhere in here, and then don't take out the low of the red line, right? Because at that point, then you're looking at worse than two are. Um, so you can have this all laid out beforehand just so that when the open comes or whenever the trade sets up, doesn't have to be at the open, you're more readily prepared. You're kind of outsourcing this measuring information uh mismeasuring um task or whatever. So that was pretty much it. And then uh chopped it at the overnight high. It rolled over. I gave it a little bit of wiggle room, stopped it out, and then that was it. And then later on, um, I was eyeing the 710 VPO for ES. Uh, and that was over here. I thought I had Oh, you know what? I know what's going on. It's on the uh pretty sure what happened is I marked it up on the index futures chart maybe. Hang on one second. No. All right. I could have swore I marked this all up. All right, my bad. Let's just Oh, maybe it's some over here. No. All right, apologies. Um, I thought I did all my homework during the week, but I guess not. So, for the 15th, I was just looking for this. Um, on the 15th, we are over here, and I was looking for a buy off of this guy because this was the prior all-time high supply, right? you have these two sessions, their point of controls are very close together. And this point of control at this point, it had not yet been um tested. So, I was thinking, all right, well, if these sellers are going to try to fill the gap, if they're going to fail to fill the gap and and then just be strong, they should try to affirm this structure as demand because this was the all-time high um structure for some time. And so, I just I said, I'm eyeing the 710 Vpock. That's this session, July 10th. And then I just bought the pass back over it. So this move back over it and I was looking for a deval exit the developing value area low. So it looks like this on the 15th. Um all right. So I was looking for the the 10th here. Let me just mark this up first. All right. So, I'm watching this 710 point of control um on the 15th over here. Where's 15th? Over here. Um and I'm seeing these like wicks below or whatnot. So, I just bought the pass back over it. Chopped it up at the developing value area low. I was I I chopped it up. I was aiming for this guy where the developing value area low was. So you buy this pass back over throw your stop under the low and it was something like this and I was looking for the chop here. Um just because if they're sellers are going to press the issue then they should look to you know take out the uh developing value area low. I guess I I guess I had a tighter stop or something something like this. Um, and it uh let's see looking for a DV val slightly better than QR. So I must have got a good fill something like this and I was just looking for it there. Uh, let's see. It printed lower, but I was looking for the exit at the same spot. And then I just chopped it up and stopped the rest. Gave it enough wiggle for two R. And then I was going to wait for the developing point of control to a setup off the deep and I would I would have wanted to see it move over the open so that everything is aligned, right? Because like you have the best expected value if multiple time frames are aligned with you. So you would ideally have price outside of yesterday's range. That means that the day plus buyers are with you. You would ideally have price over the open. That means that the cash market buyers are with you. and you would ideally be over a daily breakout point, right? Because then the the the daily time frame buyers are also with you. So that was pretty much it. That's all I did on um the 15th and then 716 7:16. I I hope I have this marked up. I don't I don't understand. I Oh, maybe it was uh 7:16. Okay, that was the NQ on the 16th. All right, here we go. I did my homework here. Um, all right. So, for the 16th, what I was looking out for was uh I said over here I just just keep it simple, I think, today because on the 16th is setup looked like this. Um, we had just got that pop and drop day. So, the 15th was a day where I tried to buy that open. I failed or was a chop and stop and then the ES off of the, you know, Y VOC that failed as well. And so, um, I didn't have a lot of clarity, but I figured, okay, well, what we can do is just wait for a deep play after a strong initial drive, right? So, pick whichever index has the strongest direction and and then look for the follow-up. And I and I say, okay, I'm going to let the day plus operators get in the mix before anything. So, that's what I was just talking about before is, you know, you want as many time frames aligned with you as possible. Now, this cell was technically aggressive because we don't really have any overhead supply, right? Ideally, if you're going to hit a sell, you have like a lot of days of balance above you to create a lot of overhead supply. In this situation, you really only had one session of overhead supply, but the ENQ opened up really close to the low of uh the prior session. So, it was positioned pretty well for a test of the lows of the local range because that's that's what should happen when you see a breakout and then there's no followthrough or a breakdown and there's no followthrough and then price comes back into the range. They should be trying to get to the opposing side of the range. That's just how balance works. The the the um like visual example that I like to use is like a imagine like a fish tank um filled with water on a seesaw and it's going back and forth. And if if all the water slushes to one side but then doesn't pour out, what's it going to do? It's going to slush to the other side. Seesaw is going to tilt again. It's going to keep doing that, right? until you either add more volume so more water gets introduced to it or if water spills out then you know that kind of that can affect how it's going to balance but that's just what should happen in a in a situation that's balanced so I figure if this is going to be a pop and drop situation and look above and fail then we can hit a sell here looking to test the lows of the range and that's pretty much exactly what happened that worked out quite well um so I'm laying out the trade ahead of time I think it's very very helpful to lay out the trade ahead of time I I hesitated initially on the sell against the overnight high. So it looked like this um on the 16th over here. Um so the opening drive was a little bit higher and then I I failed to hit the overnight high here. So I wasn't prepared for that one because I was waiting for us to be outside of the range under the regular trading hours low and then look for that deep play. So I you know I think if I was being really sharp I I can just see how cheap that is to the open to the regular trading hours low. I think I could have, you know, could just kind of fired at the hip there, but I just failed there. But what I was looking out for did shake out, right? So, we break the regular trading hours low. We're now outside of yesterday's range. We're under the open, which means the cash market sells are with me as well. So, I see this move over the deep. I just sold that move right back down under it. Um, yeah, 34. I just sold that move back down under it. And then I chopped at the low of yesterday's end of the day structure which was here which was also the uh low of the end of the day structure from here. Right? So this this is pretty much the same uh level. Right? The low of this area is pretty much the low of this guy as well. So that was pretty solid um or pretty straightforward trade something along these lines. Uh I think it was above the rate trading. I was low on the deep pass back under something like this. So, it was pretty solid R just to get there. Um, and uh let's see. I was eyeing another exit above 23,000. And 23,000 was just the value area high of a 7-Eleven session over here. So, the um the we're over here on this day on the 16th. And so, I'm thinking, all right, well, if we're going to affirm this structure as supply, then we should be trying to get to the next key levels to the left. And honestly, I probably could have held out for the value area low over here. Um, I just uh I just realized that the value area high of this session was also roughly the next area of demand in this session. Right? So, if we're in here under this session, now the sellers are trying to take out this session. This is really the next area where these buyers had the potential to play defense here. They didn't. So, you know, I guess I could have held out for like way more points, but what are you going to do? No big deal. Still a good trade. And then the uh chopped it up. And then the last one was why did I include this comment? Oh, so here's what I'm talking about like what should happen, right? If if we're going to balance. So, um sellers should be trying to test the lows of local daily range. Buyers just failed to hold above after the pop and drop yesterday. 55280 is the next key level first to attempt to negate the July 3rd breakout. So, I'm just basing my last exit um at there. All right. I'm looking to chop it up. the last one at 22,900 and I call this out way way way early in the morning and the low of that move is pretty much right there. Oh, I didn't even realize we lowered there. Hang on a second here. Oh, I didn't even realize that that we made another low here. I I went to go do something else. I'm kind of hyperfixating on a bag test right now. Um but that was pretty much a low of the move. So, picture perfect exit and then um that was it. That was it. That was the whole trade for that um day. Um Oh, yeah. And like that's how I like to get it done. So, because I'm I like to draw I like to mark up the ETF chart for all of the levels that I like to play to. Um because the futures chart, the daily chart on the futures has contango and backwardation, you know. So, I I would prefer to chart what looks like the index the most. And I I mean honestly I would prefer to chart NDX which you know is what QQQ and um the ENQ is based on but there's there's not the volume is janky on the NDX because they compile the total volume. So it looks fine over here it looks fine on the side but then if you were to uh draw like a profile it gets all janky. So I don't I don't love it. So I end up just defaulting to the ETF chart. But the problem with that is you know I can't just I don't know what the ENQ level is. So, what I have to do then is just kind of zoom in, right? Look at the ENQ. Uh, I see that 55280 level is what I want to play to. And then I just use these levels as references. So, I know the low of the July 10th session is on the ENQ should be where I should be looking for that exit. So, I just use it like that. Um, just a little tip. If you trade uh index futures like this, if you like to mark up the daily chart um on the ETF chart to to avoid the contango and the backwardation issues, um that's how I like to get it done. I think it's very effective. I forgot uh yesterday that I wanted to highlight one of our futures guys, our resident raccoons trade too because it was um pretty much right at the exit. So on the 16th I was looking for the exit um here right at the low of over here. I wanted that exit here. Um, and so I got triggered out of that. And then pretty much right after, uh, David, who super helpful guy, always contributing to the room, um, shares a bunch of information with me as well, just like, um, market profile stuff or, um, concepts. Um, and yeah, so I I like that trade a lot too because Okay, so I took the morning sell because that was the trade that was presented to me off of the open and I prefer to get things done, you know, pretty early in the session and then switch gears and do something else. Um, but there wasn't really a great buy setup in the morning and so, you know, I I didn't do that. But the market is is still bullish, right? Because we were still affirming this daily breakout. So being an aggressive buyer is reasonable, especially if you're not being an aggressive buyer like at the breakout. If you're being an aggressive buyer at the breakout, it's been kind of hard. But if you're being an aggressive buyer at the location of change, right, where change can occur on the daily time frame. So that would be like, you know, at at this breakout point over here, right? So buyers that were playing off of here, playing off of here, playing off of here, playing off of here, playing off of here, and then again playing off of here, they were rewarded. So um I like that trade idea a lot. And you know I just want to highlight it because it's a good technical trade and also it's I think it's beneficial to be part of the room right looking at the same thing um because you know very often when like for example in the past very often when Dan was looking to exit a trade I would consider you know taking the other side of it if I um didn't get the trade that he got on the way up or down. So let me he got on the way up or down. So let me he got on the way up or down. So let me just walk you through that because I really do think it was sick trade. Um, so, uh, he at 11:23 he buys this one minute stairst step break over here. So, there's there's where I exited, right? 22900 is where I exited. Um, let's see. Uh, hang on a second here. 22900. Yeah. So, um, that's where it exited. And then at that time right over here off the reaction of 22900 uh he buys the 1 minute stair step and then he gets stopped out of this initial attempt at 1135 when price rolls back down under it. So he was actually looking at like over it looks like at least 1.5ish R probably and he didn't take any exits. It was actually pressing two R. I guess he was looking to get to the depot first. I don't know. He didn't call his target. Normally he does I think. Um so I'm not sure if he if he didn't get the chop. I'm not sure. I feel like there was plenty of room for one. Um, and you know, if you're looking for that initial exit, looking for this move to break this lower high right off the low is kind of aggressive. Um, but either way, even if he was fighting for better R, that's still reasonable. Like, if you were looking for the development point of control test after this hold over here and pass back over the DV valve, I don't hate that. But even getting to the DVAL was 1.5 R. So, I'm not quite sure what happened there. Um, but anyway, he stopped it out and then soon after at 11:39 over here, he makes an aggressive buy, which is great because the R was very, very good for that, right? The R is not even just getting back to the overnight low, which was his first target. Um, that's still 2 R. So, he buys that break uh stop under the low of the day. He's really good with that calling out um why he's entering, when he's entering, targeting, and the stop. That's like, you know, pretty much our room etiquette just because we don't want to misre we don't want to leave any room for misrepresentation. Um anyway, so he's looking to uh he's looking at the low end of QQQ balance. So that's this daily that's this right. We're back here. We're at the low end of this daily balance, which was again my target because if we're not going to see acceptance above, then we should try to get there again. Um and then he chops under the overnight low, right? So the overnight low is over here. Bingo bingo. And then he's looking for another exit under the pre-market data reaction low. So that's over should be over here. The data reaction is at 8:30ish. So uh it's probably over here. Something like this. So this is sick R now, right? That's now looking at almost 5 R. Um so 1156 he gets that chop over here. Yep. And then uh leaves a small runner and moves the stop up. Uh there's plenty of 15-minute higher lows to be walking the stop up. And then at the end of the session, he closed out under the overnight high. So that's even like that's some sick R like seven R a sick trade. Amazing trade. So that's it. Just wanted to highlight that because um yeah, very often it just helps to be part of a team, I think, right? Because if you know that somebody's closing out their aggressive sale, well, that's probably a reasonable place to be at least considering a buy. and it's just a really helpful dude. So, um, on to the next day. And then finally for the 17th, this was like a, you know, whatever. Just a little base hit here. So, on the 17th here, um, on the 17th, we are up. Hang on a second. Hide these guys. Uh, all right. All right. So, on the 17th, so I I had to stream in the morning on the 17th. Wait, why is it? That's not right. Doesn't seem right at all. All right, I'll just go over here. So, I was interested. I had to stream in the morning. We had a little schedule swap, so I had to stream in the morning. Um, I was so I couldn't I don't like to to do the futures trading and the when I'm streaming because I just not I'm not dialed in. I'm like talking a lot and talking about things that I don't usually cover. So, it divides my attention a lot. So, I don't love that. So, I didn't really do anything in the morning. Although, it was pretty nice setups. There were some pretty nice setups in the morning session, but whatever. And so, later in the day, I was interested in the uh a pullback play. I was looking interested in a higher low play. Um, oh, that is the right level actually. I just don't need this stuff. Um, I was looking for a potential deep play and I called that out at 1240. So, at 12:40, we're still in here. We're in here. And what I wanted to see, the development point of control was here. So, on the 17th, what I wanted to play for was a potential 15-minute higher low, or I wanted to capture a 15-minute higher low like this. Um so very often the higher low prints with like a a failure to hold under the development point of control and then a move higher. So for example like here move under this this was probably the first 15-minute higher low of the day. It was it was this right? So this is exactly what I'm talking about right? So over here at this moment that's what this is this drive under the deep no follow through pass back over it. Um that's very often the a good place to be playing for that potential 50-minute higher low. I don't like this one. um because it's just a stair step up. So, it's kind of hard to set the risk. I guess you could use this low over here. Um but I I I I don't love that. Anyway, so this one was very cheap, but that's not really for a 15-minute higher low. So, maybe I'd pass on that. Either way, that's what I was looking for over here. Um but given the context of it all, because the Deepo was so high, I would have preferred the Deepo would print lower and then give me a setup um lower. Um but that didn't shake out. So, I said, "Okay, well, that's what I'm looking for." But I did some consolidation to allow for deep to print lower. Oh, hang on. I have to uh hang on a second here. I'm missing a comment. Okay. I got to be better about doing this homework in the future. Um let's see. 224. Um here. So I also said at 123 at 123 that I'm interested in a 244 back test as well. So that's right after this comment. So I'm thinking all right well ideally we'll this will print lower. Oh it was actually uh a while after it. So I was saying ideally um we get it like this. Um but a little bit later I'm seeing what's happening. Deepo's not printing. I say okay I'm also interested in a 244 back test that's at 123. Uh 123 is over here over here. Um and the reason for that is because very often on these trendy days uh it didn't really see fall through anymore on that. But very often on these trendy days, the 15-minut time frame is a really good time frame. And it's just like if you don't get the deep play, then very often what ends up happening is like just get a really clean back test of the prior 15-minute breakout point like here and over here. here. And if we just go back to like any really solid trendy day. Um, hang on a second here. Uh, like that one's not great, I guess. Uh, have we? Oh, man. Now it's not like, for example, here, right? You break out over here, break out over here, back test it over here, break out over here. Pretty clean back test of it. Um, it's usually just a pretty decent, even this on the way down, right? 15 minute time frame move down back test play for lower uh over here for example right you don't get back to it here you do get back to it over here um it's kind of a drop and pop not ideal either way uh it's just I've seen that enough times that I'm thinking okay well if I'm not going to get the deep setup then I am very open to um just looking for a pass back over to affirm this 15-minute breakout over here right because it's really this structure I I should have just shaped it around here and not Yeah, I should have just shaped it around here honestly because I did end up stopping out of the rest over here. But it was still a decent trade. So, um I bought the pass back over 244. I was looking for the deep exit. So, chopped it up over here and then looking for another exit at 262 and 262 was the high for many bars. Um so, that's this pass back over something along these lines. Deepo chop and then 262 is over here. All right. And then I just stop the rest. That was it. I missed it for a while. That was kind of stressful. I made me wait two more minutes before getting there. Um and then I stopped the rest and that was it. So that was the that was pretty much it. I've been spending a lot of time just kind of back testing something. So um not really too dialed in, but I can't complain about a week like that. So, uh, that's pretty much it. So, if, uh, you made it this far and you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, we would appreciate that very much. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. Um, and if you are interested in getting Tradzone sent to your email inbox, I mean, you can just go to the website, too. Every week, two novel ideas. I'm cooking up something right now, too, to make things even easier to follow along with, easier to call ahead of time. It's a system that I've used before, but now I'm revisiting it with new conditions. Um, you know, give you trade zones like the MVDA, Bitcoin, Ethereum ones that are shared in these videos. Check out the swing report. And if you are interested in, you know, joining this chat room, there's way more to the chat room than this. This is just our futures room. Um, this is what I'm seeing in the futures room. There's there's way more to the chat room. you know, we got Gen Chad, there's a crypto rooms and whatnot. Dan's poking around all the rooms. He's always really good with like being in the hype sector. So, you know, I I I honestly think that's probably one of the biggest um most valuable things being the community is just like following Dan and like seeing, oh, he's interested in this space right now. Maybe I should pay attention here. Um that in itself is is is is decent amount of edge in my opinion. Um, I definitely could benefit from that more. I kind of just stick to my lane, trade futures all the time, work on my long-term accounts, and every now and then do some uh short duration swing trades. So, I could definitely benefit from from that more. Anyway, that's pretty much it. Appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hoping for the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.