============================================================
Video: 9K3icZovZN8
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Useful Trading Concepts
Date: 2025-11-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5686
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:46.091224
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dam with the chart guys. We had a sell the news reaction to the government reopening. We had a key support test on Friday with a solid bounce after a gap down open. Where do we stand into next week? How I'm approaching things, the names I'm watching, the sectors showing relative strength and weakness. Let's get to the charts. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders, as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right. So, starting on the weekly time frame, we have the NASDAQ futures chart with the weekly EMA 12 rider. Again, Google chart guys EMA 12 rider for a webinar all about that. But it's still holding at the moment. And we're watching can the bears confirm the first daily downtrend for this entire bounce lasting six plus months. If we look at the futures chart, we did break support on the NASDAQ on Friday. Personally, I'm not counting that. Why? Because we often break levels with no follow-through right before reversals. And the biggest thing for me is the S&amp;P 500 didn't break support. If it's going to be a convincing bear break, both the Nasdaq and the S&amp;P 500 will confirm daily downtrends and we'll take a step back and say the market environment is shifting for the first time in six months. But knowing that the S&amp;P 500 was still holding support and knowing that, you know, this was just triggering some stops right before a big reversal. And if we look at it zoomed in again, it was these two little support levels. We had one here. Same thing the last time we tested it. Last Friday, bare break zero follow-through, big bounce. Then this Friday, bear break zero followthrough. How long were we under that level? We were under that second level for once the bell rang all of what two minutes or something and then just a monster move. So as Lamont would say with volume profile, it's a lack of acceptance under that level at the moment. Is it surprising that we had a sell the news reaction to the government reopening? No. Why? So when people ask me if something's going to be the sell the news event, I need to know what the chart looks like in advance. Because if you give me government reopening news here, I expect a bullish reaction. If you give it to me here, I expect a bearish reaction. Why? Because a daily lower high is the most likely scenario. We just had a daily stairstep drop of whatever percent 4%. I don't know how much a big how big a drop it was. Six. That was bigger than I thought. Six and a half% drop. We know a daily lower high is most likely. So in that context get the setup and the setup is indices with a 50% plus bounce retracement. We know a daily lower high is most likely watching to see if an officially signed deal leads to a daily lower high and tightening range into next week. So that's Monday of last week. So into the week, that's what I'm watching for. Bounce, government reopening. At that point when I made this post, it was, you know, 60 70% chance that we were going to get it within the next few days. So we get it. It sets the daily lower high. We had a really nice bearish pattern. This is as easy as technical analysis gets in the sense that again, daily lower high is the most likely scenario. Zoom in. All right. Is there a bearish pattern showing us the most likely scenario forming? Yeah, it's a head and shoulders. And we were all over this. I don't have the posts pulled up here, but in the chat room, we were talking about, you know, if this support holds, we're going to look for a potential 4 hour head and shoulders. And then we got the government reopening news that set the 4hour lower high. And then as soon as you roll over, look at the follow-through here because it's three support levels that all held. That's three low of the days in a row, all at the same zone. You break that, you then back test and reject from it. So look at how perfect this is. You fall through it on Thursday. You back test, double top at the high of the day at that point, reject from previous support, now resistance, and you have a big bear day. And big bear followed through. So that aspect of the setup was nice and clean and clear. And I would put that, you know, I could put that a whole chapter in a textbook about this setup with relation to fundamental news 4hour shorterterm bearish pattern aligning with the longer term most likely scenario. So now what? Now let's look forward. So looking forward, I'm considering this a double bottom, but we haven't confirmed an hourly uptrend yet. The bulls were trying to do that into the end of the day and they failed. Big bounce. We'll talk about the individual names that I was playing that bounce on for day trading on Friday in just a bit. Hourly bull flag possible, fail the high, and then we pretty much just formed a 15minute equilibrium into the end of the day. So, if that breaks bull on Monday, we'll call it an hourly uptrend confirming. We'll zoom out. The daily bounce will be underway. And we'll care about that resistance level. And we're either going to form a daily low or high and keep tightening up for a few days. We'll see. And again, if we break this low and the S&amp;P 500 breaks its low, things will be different for the first time in six months. And I will be looking for monthly consolidation. What about seasonality? That would be in question if we confirm this daily downtrend. We currently have a monthly inside bar. And again, seven green months in a row. We'll see. But still a nice clear daily guide at this point. S&amp;P 500, same thing. Why is the S&amp;P 500 stronger? Because of sectors like energy, energy had a good week, ended right at the high. Healthcare, healthc care's been on absolute fire. Remember the video last week, I said if the bears, the ideal scenario of the bears is with Kikq, XLF, XLV all dropping together. If it's going to be the same bullish rotation that we've been seeing, it would be the healthc care sector breaking bull while SMH semiconductors and big tech is consolidating. And so that's what happened. Bulls definitely want to see XLF breaking bull as well and it's been struggling to give us clarity. But first, let's talk SMH. So again, same thing. SMH did break that support level, but just barely and into the bounce weekly. no red flags whatsoever. And at this point, you know, a bull's hoping this is a falling wedge type of pattern to shape up a weekly higher low. So my simple statement is if weekly EMA 12 is support for the NASDAQ futures, for semiconductors and has been holding for six plus months, nothing is changing. Lose that and we can say things are shifting. So that's a nice guide there. MU has been the leader in semiconductors, just on absolute fire. Look at that stairst step. It's officially a 7day stair step, but it's almost 11 days there besides a tiny fraction of a percent. Definitely getting due for some daily consolidation, but a very nice move. Again, just rotation within the sector. While NVDA has been pulling back, MU has been going up. NVDA, daily EMA 12 rider, we've held it eight times in the last couple of weeks. We're battling for that level. So, as I mentioned, XLV on absolute fire. This is the rotation taking place. Uh the rotation LLY talked about that a long time ago when we were getting the signal. Again, this is another textbook one. Three-month bull flag right off EMA12 and it was a two-week falling wedge. I still have a very I want I wish I had I still have a very I want I wish I had I still have a very I want I wish I had a larger position. It's a small swing position remaining at this point, but had a really good entry for this setup for the first weekly confirmed uptrend on the entire consolidation. So that went beautifully and XLV clearly seeing rotation in Q4. But what the bulls want to see and again just watching do we get daily consolidation and XLV which just started. Does that mean SMH and Kikq bounces as that's happening? Do we stay inverse? XLF is not giving me information. It's on team bull, then it's on team bear. We're just chopping around again. Remember the the sucker punch range. I mean, we're just chopping around within this range. And I'm just watching these trenches longer term. They're wide zones, but we held this support four times. We rejected from this resistance a bunch. And I'm not going to get any new information until this breaks. And so the financial sector has meant less to me for my analysis of the broader market zoomed out than it has in a long time because it's just chopping around and not giving me information. The direction these trenches break will be a renewed significant amount of information. And uh you know right now in this moment in the short term it's been semiconductor and big tech bear healthcare energy bull and XLF hasn't picked a team. Some days you know it's it's joining both sides. We needed to pick a team more convincingly. If it's a bear break and if we're going to roll over in the indices and change things for the first time in six weeks, it would be a two week head and shoulders and we would look for this lower high and lower low. And if everything is going to stay just fine for the bulls, then we would need to hold this base and head back up towards the upper 53s. So, I am watching it closely, but it hasn't been giving me any information. It will soon. All right, on to individual names. Again, that's my analysis of the sectors as a whole. I care most about the daily equilibriums in the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. And again, because I can do whatever I want as a technical analyst, I can call that a double bottom. Someone can argue and say, "Well, that's not a double bottom. We broke by.3%." And I'll say, "Okay, sure. To me, it's a double bottom. You can call it whatever you want, nerd." Uh Tesla. So Tesla had a very clear bear break. Again, I was looking for Tesla to be a potential cup and handle on the weekly. It failed and I exited my position with tiny profit because I didn't have enough profit cushion heading into the shareholder vote and I'm going on vacation and I don't want to care about a shareholder vote at all while I'm at the beach. So, I exited and I'm glad I did. But, we had a very clear zone here. Again, just sideways trench warfare and the Bears win. So now on this bounce attempt, it was a great bounce on Friday. Second gap down in a row. We were at some extremes. Look at the back test. Where did we top out? This is our zone. We topped out right at the bottom of the trench. So again, the analogy is there's your bull trench. There's your bear trench. Battle, battle, battle, battle. Bears win. They overrun the trench. The bears now own both of these trenches. the bulls try and regain their trench and they're failing at the moment. So, we're going to keep a close eye on that zone as resistance. But with regards to RSI, again, the nuance is so important with RSI. It's one of the most useful tools in my trading. And a lot of people will say RSI is useless because they're not using it appropriately within context. Back burners, love them. But what if we're not back burners? What if what if we're not coming from a breakout and we're and we're hourly oversold, but it's not the scenario where you're in a breakout. Hourly oversold, you're scouting a daily high or low. What's just plain hourly? You know, what's hourly oversold on a chart like this look like? It's way less meaningful to me. If I'm going to care about RSI on something that is not aligning with the most likely scenario, again, daily oversold, looking for a monthly higher low. You could look for hourly oversold for the daily higher low. Fiveminute oversold for the hourly higher low. If it if the RSI is not aligning with a longer term most likely scenario just like the bearish pattern 4hour head and shoulders align with the longerterm scenario. So much of trading is shorter term time frames aligning with the longer term most likely scenario. So if it's not a back burner, if it's not aligning, I care about super stacks. And the superstack is again one of our indicators that was developed from my brain, which is when you're in extremes, when a bunch of time frames are all aligning in extremes together. So we'll talk more about Tesla just a second, but the example for this is quantum RGTI. I traded RGTI Friday on the gap down open. Why? Because we just dropped straight down 50% plus from the all-time highs. We have not confirmed a weekly downtrend at this point. It's been a stairst step drop and we were at superstack extremes. So, a superstold on a bunch of time frames. It means So, here the 12-h hour superstack fired pre-market on Friday. And that tells me we are at extreme RSI levels on the 12-h hour, the 4 hour, the hourly, the 30 minute, the 15 minute, the five minute all at the same time. And why I like that signal is because I know even if it's not a 12-hour oversold bounce. It was, but even if I don't get the longer term bounce, I know that I'm likely to at least get a shorter term bounce as long as there's not news as a factor, a shorter term bounce to allow me to position. So I know that okay even if we don't get the 12-h hour bounce we can get a 15minute bounce and I can use that to position and if I'm wrong and stop out then so be it. You know IO and NQ I out then so be it. You know IO and NQ I out then so be it. You know IO and NQ I tried to enter a position on the Friday drop and I did my standard you know play the the gap down. I forget if it was a gap down, but I played the bounce first thing and I stopped out. Break even. And what that does is it, okay, no big deal. I'll try again tomorrow. And I was sitting there on Thursday afternoon. I hope we gap down in quantum tomorrow to give me another attempt at this. So, super stacks extremes on a lot of time frames. Then I care about RSI without it needing to align with the most likely scenario. This is complex trading stuff. This is this is you know year three to five of your trading journey of understanding all this stuff but this is very useful information uh for trading success if you don't understand it all the videos to look up I mean we got a super stack video talking about the indicator and what it means we've got back burner videos of course EMA we got all the videos so just go through our website. You could stay on there for three weeks and still be watching new content that you haven't seen yet. All right, back to Tesla. So, I did care about super stacks. Tesla wasn't quite as beat up with its super stacks, but you know, we got Did we get 4 hour? No, just hourly. So, I was interested in RI the two the setup for the morning. recorded a little video pre-market Friday for chart guys members and it's I'm looking at RGTI and RIVN for this bounce play on the gap down open and RIVN why because the forever monthly equilibrium had just broken bolt we had a really strong first half of the week in breakout mode this daily bull flag confirming gave us 14% in less than two days great I missed it I was on vacation I'm not chasing it I'll scout a daily high or low give me hourly oversold. Give me a gap down open. I'm interested. But look at how quickly I was able to recognize something was wrong. And this is why correlations is one of my edges as a trader. It took nine minutes. So in 9 minutes, RIVN junk bounce versus Tesla. It has me shifting my focus. Still RGTI. We'll talk about that in just a minute. But instead of RIVN, now I care about Tesla on this bounce. And so I played a little bit of Tesla, smaller position size because I had to adjust my game plan. I didn't have everything laid out pre-market and just waiting for the bell. This was on the fly a little bit. What was the red flag? So 9 minutes in, this is the two-minute time frame. At that point in time, RIVN set the high of the day first thing pulled back. Tesla did that as well. So no major difference there. But at this point, I made the comment right around halfway through this candle. And at that point in time, look how far we are from the high of the day. Probably somewhere around here. We were at least 1.8% from the high of the day. And we never broke that high. So, fast forward, fail, fail, fail, fail, roll over. What was Tesla doing at that point in time? Tesla first two minutes it got the spike it pulled back new high of the day. So by the time I make my comment Tesla has a new high of the day with bulls significantly buying that quick little dip and rivn is underperforming. And at that point in time the NASDAQ bounced had a new high of the day as well. So NASDAQ new high Tesla new high rivn close. Okay I'm listening to what the charts are telling me. RIVN lead bear. Ditch it. I don't care about trading it for the bounce anymore. Tesla strong bounce. I'm now interested in Tesla more. And from that point forward with that adjustment, Tesla goes, you know, over the next couple hours, Tesla goes plus 5% and RIVN was down 2% plus from there. So just a little bit of adjusting on the fly, but my edge with correlation is key because I saw Tesla is stronger than the NASDAQ. RIVN is weaker than both. So if I'm looking long, I don't want to play the weaker name. This is something that you got to burn into your head. It took me years and I'm still teaching chart guys members and it changes on a day-to-day basis. Correlations, you trade the lead bull bullish and the lead bear bearish. Don't be looking for lagards. Lagards have their place and in the correct context, but not on a little intraday time frame. If you're looking for a day trade, believe what it's telling you. So Tesla at this point in time has to confirm the hourly uptrend. Same thing as the NASDAQ. Confirm the hourly uptrend. But this is a tough resistance zone in the 14s that we're going to be testing here. Bigger picture now. The bulls are hoping this is a monthly cup and handle. That's a possibility. I'm less confident, but it hasn't ruined that possibility. You look at the retracement size on the monthly. We've pulled back less than 382. So, if we were to quickly this coming week, regain that trench as support in the 14s. And if the NASDAQ tightens up and then breaks bull and heads back to all-time highs, then we're going to be talking about a potential monthly cup and handle. But, uh, that's going to take some more convincing from the bulls. So, Quantum traded RGTI on the bounce, took a little pre-market position as a starter. And here's something that I've been trying to improve upon and I'm glad I did it here where I had a little starter pre-market because the NASDAQ had just broken support was getting real beat up on the 15minute time frame and I was looking for a bare break no follow through trigger those stops and then look for the gap down bounce because the S&amp;P 500 was still holding support. So, I had a little pre-market position. You know, I I was in I was actually getting coffee, but in the parking lot, just grabbed a smaller position size because it's in pre-market. Sell a little bit. It was 2315. Sell a little bit. 2357. Okay, now I've got a little starter and I'm comfortable. And that gives me the ability to be patient on the open because I've got enough where if the bounce goes without me, okay, I'm going to benefit. But if I'm going to add, I can be a little patient. And I added the new high of the day because as soon as the NASDAQ and I actually think we we hit it first here, 9:34. So again, you want to talk relative strength clues. RGTI 934 hits a new high of the day. QQQ didn't do it until two minutes later. Look at what QQQ was doing at 9:34. We had hardly we dropped. The bounce had just barely started and that was enough for RTI to quickly regain a new high of the day. That's glaring relative strength. It's exactly what I want to see if I'm playing long and then just continue to benefit. So, I had my little position break even 23 2320. Yeah, 23. My break even's low 23s. I'm looking at a big woodpecker pounding some wood. Okay, don't be gross. um added 2409 and then I did start to scale out of my ad fairly quickly, you know, 2409. 2 minutes later, we're up almost 4%. So, I start selling. I sell half of my ad. I sell the rest of my ad. Now, I still got my core. Then, we keep ripping. Okay, now we're up over 10%. We're in a downtrend on a lot of time frames. I'm selling it all. It's a day trade. Uh I exited everything by the 26s and then I went short. Why did I go short? Because we then had a super stack in the other direction. So we got 15minut super stack which tells me the 15 minute and the five minute are both at extremes. We haven't confirmed an hourly uptrend. We're in a daily downtrend. So I'm going to lock that in. And I shorted and I was just flipping shorts, you know, enter a third or enter a short, sell a third, re-enter a third, sell a third. I was doing that a bunch because we were forming this rising wedge type of pattern and then I was all out of that short by the mid 25s and I was done for the day. This was my first day trading day back after vacation. So, first first real full day trading day in, you know, a week and a half and just very pleased with a 4-day maker within an hour and saying, "All right, it's Friday. I'm not giving any of this back. This is exactly how I want to coast back into uh my trading routine." So, now what? I'm going to be watching for quantum to try and get a weekly bounce going. Again, all these names pulled back 50%. If you're going to run thousands of percent in less than a couple of years, you're going to pull back 50%. This was a 70% pullback. This is now a 50% plus pullback. But I'm going to be looking for the same thing. When you get this kind of volatility in both directions, 60% pullback. What do you do? You scout an equilibrium. We did it here. Huge move up, huge pullback, weekly bounce to a lower high. Higher low, lower high. So huge move up, huge pullback. We're scouting a weekly bounce. We will scout a weekly lower high, but we haven't even confirmed an hourly uptrend. Same thing as everybody else. Confirm the hourly uptrend. Then we zoom out. We look for a daily bounce. We look for a daily lower high. Can we confirm a daily uptrend to set a weekly higher low? So, I know what I'm looking for bigger picture. And then I can zoom in and see, are we getting the little shorter term signs that are telling me the most likely scenario on the longer term time frame are playing out. IO and NQ they all quantum led the bounce. What? Short sale restriction was a part of that as well. We were short sale restricted from the day before which means you cannot short into the bid. All shorts have to be placed on the ask. And I made a video on Twitter talking about that. If you search chart guys short sale restricted talk about that and what it means and the implications for that. So can quantum get a weekly bounce going and then eventually scout a weekly lower high. ONQ is back testing this zone. Missed that man. I was I was just three days too early on going aggressive shorting quantum. I learned some lessons. It's the way it goes. All right. Pep correlation. One of my edges. I read something in the market wizard's first book while on vacation that I liked a lot and the dude was talking about how correlations are extremely important for your portfolio because if you have eight correlated positions, you really have one position that's eight times as large as you think. And so PEP very often goes inverse to the NASDAQ where NASDAQ's dumping, PEP is green. NASDAQ's green, PEP is dumping. Bigger picture, that's been bearish for PEP. We've been seeing yearly consolidation while the NASDAQ and semiconductors have been really strong but it's trying to bottom out and I'm watching this weekly equilibrium really just looking at it from here big drop big bounce higher low set. So watching this tightening weekly weekly equilibrium week equilibrium into December and just keeping an eye on it and just wanted to make that point where I want some things in my portfolio. I don't want everything to be correlated to the NASDAQ. I want some things that are, you know, I got some metals, silver, sometimes it's correlated, sometimes it's not. Um, bears, crypto, crypto is a really weak crypto stocks in freef fall. MSTR just collapsing. Even the ones that were stronger, Riot, CLSK, they gave it all back. So, uh, lead bears daily downtrend guide there. Bears are going to be waiting for daily lower highs. Bitcoin hitting the lowest level in four or five months. So, crypto are lead bears. Cannabis is still extremely weak. People keep asking me about cannabis. I've been saying the same thing for three months. If you do not get an official rescheduling announcement for cannabis, you're going to drop. Time is on the side of the bears. We had a huge dump day on huge volume Friday. And bulls are hoping for a monthly higher low, but it's only going to happen with an announcement. It's literally just a black and white scenario. That's not often in trading. You get an announcement, the sector will go up. You don't get an announcement, the sector is going to go down. And we are in the down phase because Trump said we'll have a decision for rescheduling in a few weeks. And that was three months ago. And at that this point in time, that is the exact politician playbook for the last two decades for anybody following the space. dollar weekly resistance rejection, weekly consolidation underway. Tons of space for a weekly higher low. So, we're going to scout an eventual weekly higher low here. Bulls are going to dollar bulls are going to be hoping this is some kind of inverse head and shoulders, but metals had a really strong start and a solid sell-off. Really strong start to the week. So, gold weekly higher low set. I would not be surprised to tighten up within this range for another couple of weeks. The big question is going to be, do we set a weekly lower high and confirm a weekly downtrend? Do we see gold lose weekly EMA 12 for the first time this year? If we confirm the downtrend, the answer is going to be yes. At this point in time, you know, it can go either way. I'm very open to this going either way. As we know, often times sideways consolidation leads to continuation. This is sideways consolidation right now. So for silver, I like how I've been trading silver. Silver did get a bull break, but no follow through. Hard drop Friday. I like how I've been trading silver because I sold half here. I reloaded half somewhere down here. Half of my cell, so a quarter. So I'm in a threequarters of my original position that enjoyed all that. I had really good timing for the reload. I'm not in a rush for the other 25%. Why? Because if I sell half at, let's just say 53, it was real close to the top and then I reload half at 47, half of what I sold. For me to be missing out, we then need getting to 59. 59 would have me at the same spot as where I was before I did any maneuvering. So, I'm in no rush to reload and I want to see if we're going to break bare. It's looking like gold would break bare first, but I'm just being a little patient. How is this tightening weekly range going to sort itself out? Are we heading to monthly consolidation in metals if we break weekly support? Oil weekly has to confirm the uptrend for the monthly higher low. Watching for it. Energy is stronger than oil recently. But if we can confirm that weekly uptrend, the monthly equilibrium, which for me is the most likely scenario, will be shaping up. So that's let's go to the daily. Yeah, it's on the table. Falling wedge type of pattern that actually might have broken bull Friday bear break straight into a bounce. Bear break straight into a bounce. It's more of a channel than a falling wedge. I don't really like the resistance. I like the support line. Don't love the resistance line. Anyways, confirm the weekly uptrend for the monthly higher low. Then we'll watch for a monthly lower high and continue tightening through a good bit of Q1 2025 2026. If we get that natural gas bulls doing a good job here, finding that bottom for now. So, we had a bare flag confirm with zero follow-through into a month of upside. And we talked in a recent video about you got to be cautious. It's not a megaphone because we broke resistance, no follow through. We broke support, no follow through. And so, last video I said something like, you got to hold this level. If this level breaks, it's going to be another bull break with no followthrough, and we're going to have to be watching for a megaphone. That level didn't break. We saw a bullish continuation. So again, just a clear if then statement. I don't know if this is going to be a break with no follow through. If this short-term support holds, we're going to follow through. If it breaks, we got to be cautious of a megaphone. And so, did the support hold? Yes, we're going to follow through. Very simple and straightforward if then statement. So, we got a daily uptrend guide. Bulls are hoping that 1410 on UNNG is our new daily higher low. As far as resistance, I'm looking up at601 as the next major level. We got to zoom out and remind ourselves we are in a monthly downtrend and there's a ton of space for a monthly lower high here. For UNNG, it's anything under 2433 is a monthly lower high. Natural gas futures, same thing. Tons of space for a monthly lower high. But we do have a long-term base of support now that the bulls are going to try and work with. All right, long video. This there's a lot of really good stuff in this video. Not to toot my own horn, but I can tell when I'm giving really good intricate details of what it takes to be a successful trader with all the little nuances in this game. Couple videos from St. John and I hope you're well. Feel free to ask any questions. We'll be having some Black Friday sales coming up. When's Black Friday? A week. Little more than a week. It's coming up. Keep an eye out on social media. I'll be talking about it in the next weekend video. Do good things. See you soon.