============================================================
Video: S8HLeFxq6AI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Cannabis Stock Inside Info?
Date: 2025-07-12
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5010
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:04.458079
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Currently traveling, so the mic and the camera aren't ideal, but we're here for the info, so we're going to make the video anyway. We're going to talk about cannabis stocks and then psychedelic stocks in the second half. Just a quick intro for anybody that's new. I've been trading cannabis stocks for 15 years at this point. First stock I ever traded and was fortunate enough to make it as a full-time trader through all the runs and pump and dumps along the way. And just my take on what's currently happening before we get to the charts. We are seeing in my opinion the front running of inside information in Washington DC. We've seen plenty of examples with this administration where inside information has been frontr run and we're seeing a coordinated message on social media from a lot of people talking about schedule three that's coming. And so now we're just waiting to see do we get word from Trump on this front. And if you had to ask me, you know, what's the probability I think it's coming? I think it's, you know, 75 78% chance uh that we're going to get that headline just based on what I'm observing on social media. And again, that's something I do almost on a daily basis as part of trading with how important Twitter has gotten over the years. Um, so what does that mean? That means number one, people are front running this and buying in anticipation of it. That means if we don't get it, the longer we go without getting it, the more we're going to fade back from the big bull move that we've seen. And if we get the headline, we're going to spike up. But the question is, does the new buying from a headline offset the profit taking from everybody that was loading up in anticipation? Because what you have happen is the people that have inside info, they load up and then traders like myself recognize the shift on the charts, the volume and things like that. So, we grab positions and it's just a question of is it concrete enough news to justify this the imbalance of supply and demand to continue favoring demand for significant further upside? Just to reiterate where I stand as a full-time trader, I'm here to extract capital from markets. I'm not here to invest. Uh I will happily take profit along the way. And for me, there is no connection between what these digital numbers in cyerspace are doing and my advocacy for cannabis as a medicine and a plant. So that's where I stand. I am here to extract capital and distribute it in my local community doing good things. That's it. So, just be aware that that's my mindset for all of my analysis. Along the the way over the years, I have very often left the sector when it becomes bearish and I stop making content because our YouTube channel will get penalized if there's a lack of interest and I come back when there's opportunity and there's bullish momentum and I make content when there's more people that want to watch it. And so, that is where we stand right now. This is my first video in a while because of the move we've seen over the last week uh with the chart guys community in our chat room. I'm talking about cannabis and psychedelics every week. It's just and on Twitter oftent times as well. So make sure you're following us on Twitter. But you know to designate a whole YouTube video there has to be a certain amount of interest. So let's get to the charts. We'll start with US Cannabis. So, MSOS nice move up over this past week and we are approaching the most important resistance level from here is up at 338. Why is that the most important level? Because we hit an all-time low and we had a significant move off of that low as we saw some rotation happening in the broader stock market. There was some strength there as we we found a fear bottom and rallied and this move topped out at 338. We came back down. We double bottomed at the all-time low and here we are heading back up to that very important resistance. If we don't break that resistance again, if we don't, so much of the context that I'm going to give is if we get a headline, we're looking for upside. If we don't get a headline, we're looking for downside. You know, keeping it simple. But if we don't get a headline all this coming week, I'd be watching for the possibility that we just fade back, you know, into the upper to to mid $2 range and stay in this constricting range. We know that if we're going to make progress on the longer term time frames, we must break that level and it's going to be a slow road in the sense that we will eventually have to change the monthly trend. The last time I was making content for cannabis regularly, we had a monthly uptrend and we had, you know, some potential catalyst with votes and things like that and it ended up not working out and, you know, said that after the the vote the sectors are short. I'm no longer long and uh now I'm getting interested again because there's opportunity again. And so where I stand just to to be as transparent as possible, I currently have some MSOs position and I have some psychedelic positions. We'll talk about second half of this video. But my MSOS position, honestly, I wasn't anticipating a swing trade. Uh I was recognizing some bullish momentum. I took a day trade and we closed really strong on that day on Tuesday and I said, "Oh, maybe there is something to these rumors." You know, maybe there is something to to the hype that's building on Twitter. All right, you know, if I'm in a day trade and I sell half of my position 15 cents higher, I can now stick a stop at break even and try and let it play out. And so that's what I've done where uh that's where I stand right now. and you know taking a little bit of profit along the way once we couldn't break 304 305 at the end of Thursday took a little more profit then and again I'll jump right back in you know if it's a meaningful if Trump posts something meaningful concrete uh then I'll jump right back in with market buys and do the exact same thing where I'll you know buy a fat position I'll sell some fairly quickly to get my cost basis lower and then let it ride but again just just want to be clear that the majority of what I'm doing is is more so with a shorter term mindset because that's what's allowed me to survive this sector. I made my mistakes in 2013 in cannabis penny stocks. I learned not to bagold. I learned not to invest in OTC names and I applied those lessons over the last decade plus to keep me profitable in this sector and I'm going to continue doing that. So, I will leave, you know, we could get a real move someday and I know that I'll leave some money on the table because I'll be in that same mindset. But, uh, it served me well. So, I'm going to continue doing that. So, where we stand right now, that 30405 level came into play again on Friday. So, that's the most important short-term resistance. And again, look at the end of the day on Thursday. And we'll talk about some headlines and stuff. So, end of the day Thursday, we topped out at 305, 304. There was a hidden seller there. You could tell because there was just, you know, 10,000 shares for sale at 304 and then hundreds of thousands of shares are hitting that ask and it's not moving. And then on Friday, we shoot right up to it and we reject. And so 305 is the key short-term level. Then we've got 323, the top of this move. And then we've got what was it? 338, the top of the last move. Those are the three most important resistances for the week ahead. As far as support, we haven't established a ton of support at the moment, but we've got, we call this an inside bar. So we got support at 285. If 285 breaks daily consolidation is underway. We then know a daily higher low is the most likely scenario in the strongest uptrends. Hourly oversold when the RSI drops under 30 marks a daily higher low and you then see continuation. So that's something I keep an eye out for as to whether or not that's happening. So if we break 285, I'll be watching for hourly oversold and I'll be watching for the response to that. But if we break 285, that's going to be a sign that, okay, we're going to fade and keep tightening up unless we get this headline. Uh, and so again, we're going to, you know, you can set volume alerts. You can be monitoring Twitter. I love our chat room because we've got, you know, dozens and dozens of eyes across the market to to aggregate information as fast as possible. But, uh, we can anticipate there will at least be an initial surge of market buying when we get a headline. It's just the question that we will have is what's the headline and does it justify continuation and we don't know yet. So we'll see. Uh as far as individual names, you know, again, the trick that we'd use to to measure relative strength and weakness is we divide it by MSOS. So GTPIF divided by MSOS. I can look on the weekly and see, okay, not a ton is going on here. It's generally remaining strong, right? This was the strongest it's ever been compared to the ETF. And we're fairly close to that. Not much has changed. Cure Leaf was much different. CURLF divided by MSOS just hit the the weakest that it's ever been. Tied, you know, it tested the weakest it's ever been compared to the ETF back in May. So, we can say GTBif stayed a leader. Curly was a lagard. And, you know, that matters because, you know, if you're holding Curieaf the last few months, it's pulling back more than GTB. But if you're holding curly this past week, it outperformed significantly. Why? Because it's playing some catch-up from relative weakness shifting to relative strength. And we know what MSOS looks like on the weekly. And so we can compare the individual names to it. Okay, we got a tightening weekly range and we failed that resistance. GTBIFF, same thing. Uh TCNNF, same thing. Curly is different. Curly broke resistance. So, you know, three days, I forget which ones, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, maybe. Curleaf goes 70%. GGBIF goes 20%. So, a little bit of relative weakness shifting to relative strength off the bottom. So, we'll keep an eye on that and see whether that continues, but at the moment, just a bit of of re rebalancing, readjusting. So, those are the three major names that I watch out of the US names. Play paying attention to glass house because of the headlines. Uh not good headlines obviously, but bulls did buy the dip in response to it. The ETF MSOS bought uh to Thursday afternoon and then Friday we dumped another 10%. And then the company put out a tweet and we rallied pretty hard. It's very thinly traded. Um and you know, I even tried to trade a little bit. I just bailed break even because the bid ask spread, the liquidity, it's just not up my alley for what I need. But uh we got to keep an eye on it because it has major impact. You know, I it makes sense that MSOS wants to defend this name. It's its number four largest holdings. And you know, the headlines aren't great. 200 people arrested. Unfortunately, somebody died. Um you know, what's going to be the impact of that on operations? I have no idea. But it is something we have to pay attention to. And you can say, you know, okay, the headline has nothing to do with cannabis. They're not rating it because it's cannabis. I agree. It's not a sectorwide cannabis issue, but it's a company specific issue. You know, what kind of penalties are there going to be? I I don't know. I don't know anything about that, but I'm just saying that because of its size of holdings in MSOS, we need to be keeping an eye on how this develops in terms of those headlines. Um, but that's US US US cannabis and it's honestly it's been the weakest and I view it as psychedelics, Canadian cannabis, US cannabis and I view them all as you know a subsector. Uh, and it's psychedelics have been the strongest generally speaking. I'm talking about the la this year let's say psychedelics have been the strongest, Canadian has been the second strongest and US has been the weakest. And so we'll see if that can change because you know if Trump says something that's obviously going to be US- ccentric versus Canadian names but again you look at a name like VFF and VFF is way off of at a name like VFF and VFF is way off of at a name like VFF and VFF is way off of its low and it's approaching two and a half year highs and we know US cannabis no names are near two and a half year highs. So VFF is the strongest cannabis chart that I see. We had this monster move off all-time lows 100% plus a weekly higher low right off EMA 12. That's great continuation. That's great. The key resistance zone that we are approaching is well we topped right out 148 to 162. We topped out back here. Second time, third time, fourth time. It's a zone of resistance that we are currently pulling back under again. Daily time frame I would say anything over 98 cents is a daily higher low. Bulls are hoping to form that. The strongest moves will ride EMA 12 as support. So you want to see that happening. MSOS was doing it on the hourly and then that shifted with the consolidation on Friday. But on whatever time frame you want to see EMA12 rider, that's what we call it, an EMA rider. and it held it for days and then when it lost it we started some consolidation. So I I suggest using that just as a trend guide and you know when cryptos and blue sky break out it just rides off this EMA for weeks or months even uh on all different time frames and I utilize it with my trading strategies very often. But back to VFF. So, we're looking for a daily higher low. And if the bulls are able to break 138 on Monday, the daily higher low will be set at 128. And again, if all this stuff's new to you, check out our website. We got a free intro to TA course. Uh, it's a long road. Again, been doing it for 15 years, but it definitely is worth putting at least some time and effort into understanding trends and technical analysis, especially in this sector. People will say it's not a good sector and there's not enough volume and my results significantly disagree with that. Cron I like as well. Why do I like crown? I like crown because it held a long-term support. So look back here and this was, you know, a many year low, sevenyear low, whatever it was, fiveyear low, and we dipped just below it, but but popped right back above it. The 160s is a very clear long-term support zone. CGC, Tillray, they all dumped to lower lows with a lot of followthrough. Crown held a long-term support. So, it's not, you know, significantly off of its low. It's not up hundreds of percent. But, it's got a long-term support, and so that's worthwhile. The bulls need to get over 215 for this weekly uptrend to confirm. We topped out at 207, so we're knocking on the door. And if we get over 215, the next level, next major level, I'm looking up at 232. 234 zone. And again, just trying to make some longerterm progress off of a base of support. And it doesn't have neither of these names have enough dollar volume for me. Uh I need a bare minimum of $5 million traded a day. VF is doing like 1 to two million a day. And even cron is doing like two to three at most. So uh I can't really trade them. They don't meet my criteria of my rules, but I can still look at them. Uh we actually did get up to 215. So, it's a double top at 215 and it could be a cup and handle type of setup where if this daily consolidation is healthy and holds daily EMA 12, this red line, then it's a possible cup and handle where if we break 215, we'll then be looking for some follow through. I might make an attempt at that. I'll have to see how Monday goes. We'll see. I'll post on Twitter probably if I take it. Tillray. So, Tillray had a great move off the low. And what I love about being a bull in markets is the math is skewed in your favor. What do I mean by that? If you shorted till 300 and you held it to $1, well, let's just say, okay, you shorted till 300 and you held it to now. You've made 99.9% or whatever. And this move in 3 weeks matches that move percentage- wise. Same gain. So it's, you know, you can the bulls have favor in markets. You can go hundreds of percent. Shorts can't go more than 100%. Uh, so it's a nice move, but is this a bottom? Is this a long-term shift? No, not without a headline. We've done this so many times. I mean this move, this move, we've done 80%, 120% moves, hundreds of percent moves that we just give it back. Nothing will change about this unless there's a headline. Otherwise, the bears will just reload and this is a a dilution death spiral where you keep reverse splitting. You keep pumping shares into the market and supply will forever outweigh demand of shares as long as you keep creating new shares without any kind of massive catalyst. So, you know, daily consolidation's underway. We're going to look for a daily higher low. But just go back and look at the history. These same pump fades will happen unless we get a concrete headline that changes things for the sector. So, that is a a baseline has to happen as we know at this point for this sector. Everybody is so sick of the maybe soon, could be. We need concrete real change. CGC, unfortunately, you know, a lot of people were jumping into CGC on Thursday as a lagard and then it dumped 10%. I will not be looking at the sector in a lagard perspective without concrete news. When you're in a strong bull environment, you get the leaders that run, the leaders see profit taking, the profits rotate out into the lagards. I've done that trading style many times in many sectors, but we don't have the green light for that in this sector at this point. We have to have the catalyst and we don't have the catalyst. What we have is a maybe catalyst. Maybe some of these people have inside info and they mean it this time, but we need the catalyst. That is the the underlying. If you take anything away from this video, just that's the takeaway. Nothing will change without the catalyst. So that is cannabis and we'll see if we get something in the coming week or two ahead. We know where our key resistances are. The levels it must break for the bulls to continue to prove follow through. We're going to look for daily higher lows. Does hourly oversold mark a daily higher low? Can we ride EMA12 support to continue progressing with the trend changes? Let's now talk psychedelics. All right. I was meaning to have my other screen pulled up. We got to do it on the fly. So, I grabbed these psychedelic names with something that I don't normally do, which is more of a longer term mindset. And my mindset was grabbing a small enough position size where I don't care if it goes to zero. I'm go I'm going for hundreds of percent gains or it goes to zero. And that was my mindset. And I utilized the dump by CMPS on data to establish those positions. And you know it's many times you see something happen in a stock and the longs will say this doesn't make sense manipulation shorts or whatever and most of the time it's just denial as this these sectors are so good at showing us over history. But this was one where the drop didn't really make sense for what had happened. and then you get, you know, a one-day dump and from that one day low, we just go straight up 72%. So that tells me that, you know, the market mispriced uh that data and, you know, there's a lack of liquidity and things like that in these names, but it was a very unusual move. So I use that fear, you know, I know that there's this looming potential catalyst, RFK Jr., you know, pro things from the administration on the subject. Okay, this might be a gift of a shortterm negative catalyst for a short-term negative headline for a longer term potential entry in a catalyst. And so I posted in our chat room. I I was meaning to have that post up so you can believe me, but bought CNS, MNMD, ATAI all uh end of June. I forget if it was the 25th or the 26th, something like that. And uh it's going really well. ATAI had positive data. Uh I'm going to be looking. This is a stair step CPS high or low every single day. It's been a great move. Uh I I might, you know, again, my position sizes aren't that large. I might take a little profit when we lose this stairst step pattern and then reload it, but maybe not. Again, just let it play out long term. The thing is, we hit a new all-time low here. And so now it's, you know, it's a base down there, but this name has a ton of work to do. Look at all these rejections. Look at this resistance wall just over $5. Reject, reject, reject, reject, dump back to support. So $5 is the line in the sand as the level it has to break for things to shift. And CNS is the sector leader in terms of, you know, market cap and and perhaps fundamentally. So we want to see this name performing. The other names are positioned way better. You know, ATI just had a weekly bull flag confirm on some data. And that's the thing, you know, these companies release data. It can drop 50%, it can shoot up 50%. That's why I have to use a small position size. It's very high risk, high reward. Psychedelics are the and cannabis, but even more so psychedelics, in my opinion, are the most high-risisk, highreward sector in the entire stock market, which is saying something. But ATI just hit the highest price that we've hit in two and a half years. So, it's similar to VFF in that regard. That's saying something. That's progress. We're putting in a long-term bottom and breaking resistance levels. You know, a week or earlier this week, we were at a price where anybody that has bought in the last two and a half years was in profit. What would that have to be for MSOS? What level would we have to be at for us to make that statement? Anybody that bought in the last two and a half years is in profit. Uh, we need to be up trading over $12. So, we need a 400% move to be able to make that statement. And that matters. There's a lot of overhead supply. There's a lot of bag holders. And you know, think how many people have an average price of MSOS at $8 and are down over 50% and are going to be grateful for an opportunity to exit at $8 and make their money, make their loss back when that happens. You got to think about the psychology of people that have been bag holding. That's going to be a lot of people. So, working through the overhead supply is the name of the game for the bulls and ATI has done that. It's been consolidating from its headline. I really want to see the back test of resistance hold as support. So, look at this resistance zone and we topped out a bunch and now we're back testing and trying to hold it. We held it Thursday. Uh but we're back in it here on Friday. And in an ideal world, the 250s hold and we head back up 280s plus. But that remains to be seen. And again, entry at this point, you know, average is maybe 218 or something like that. So, a lot of profit cushion. And I am setting a stop under $2. If we lose $2, it's a big red flag in terms of a setback to break that long-term resistance and then give back the majority of the move. Not ideal. M&amp;MD played a little bit laggish. Look, here's rotation, right? So, ATI, we top out. I mean, really, we top out at and it's these gaps. I can't make this video forever. We'll talk about gaps in another video. Gap up open are not your friend unless you plan on selling for the most part. But that marked a temporary top and a pullback. And we then had one, two, three, four, you know, five red days out of the last or six red days out of the last seven. And M&amp;MD, look at what it did during that same period of time. Very clearly profit was rotating from ATI into M&amp;MD. And now M&amp;MD is testing a key resistance zone at 8 the low $8 range. 819 $8.21 was a double top and we just topped out at$817. So we're knocking on the door of this level. And again, same thing as cron. If we reject here, just hold daily EMA 12 and form a bull flag and it could be a cup and handle type of setup. And I wouldn't mind that. I might add to my, you know, if you give me a daily bull flag, I may add, I may stop by and add to my position. you know, if I've got a break even down at 670 or something. I don't know where my break even is, but uh I can average up on a resistance break, size up, and still have a good bit of profit cushion. Again, I have to see how it develops, but that may be on the table for me. So, key resistance test on M&amp;MD, ATI, bulls want to establish that resistance as support. Uh CNPS still needs to confirm a daily uptrend. you know, whenever we top out, form a higher low and keep this move going. Ideally, we get our way back to the 446 gap fill, but we will have to confirm a daily uptrend eventually for that. CYBN is another name in the sector. I've never really traded this name. It's it looks a little too pump and dumpy for me. Uh lack of liquidity, reverse split type of deal. I just don't have interest in it personally. Uh and that's due to a technical perspective. So, I'm sticking with those three. Um and we'll see. One one thing I'm very curious about. If we get a headline in cannabis, does that shift attention away from psychedelics and money leaves and goes to cannabis or is it a rising tide raises all ships and and the market says, "Okay, if we're making cannabis progress, we're going to keep making psychedelic progress as well." And will that be received bullish? I don't know the answer to that, but that's something I'm going to be observing very closely in the first day or two uh first few days if we do get a headline. So all in all, we need a headline. We need and not even just a headline, not words. We don't need Trump saying, "I think we should do schedule three." We need a change that is concrete on the books and we can look back in history to that day and say this is when the federal government made a clear concrete change in the whatever for cannabis. So, we'll stay on top of it and if we get a headline, you better believe I'll be making a video that day. But again, sometimes I do little updates. You know, a three minute video I can't put on YouTube, but I'll put it on Twitter. So, chart guys on Twitter. Make sure you're following us and do good things.