============================================================
Video: nVEAsqLBoGk
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Sellers Weak!
Date: 2025-11-02
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9107
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:07.105933
============================================================

The market sold the FOMC news as expected, but sellers couldn't really create meaningful damage and did close the week off in a dogee. So, should we be worried about the dogee or are buyers still kind of climbing the wall of worry and buying up fear? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it. All right. So, uh, as we were talking about last week, the market was kind of running up into that FOMC, um, you know, meeting and the markets, the ruling reason right now, like what the market kind of cares about right now is, um, the state of the economy, right? Jobs, inflation, because jobs and inflation has implications upon um, the Fed rate. And so the market wants obviously the Fed rate to be lower so that you know companies can borrow for cheaper refinance whatever basically get cheaper cash and so you know that essentially is typically a bullish scenario assuming that the economy is also doing okay. So the cooler than inflation reading which was what caused the gap up open on Friday from October the 24th was uh increased the potential that we would see the you know rate cut situation. So the thing is though that it was pretty much a guarantee. So when something is a guarantee um more often than not it's going to be a sell the news event unless of course you know the JPAL came out and said something that would be even more favorable right from a from the market's perspective like instead of a 25 basis point cut maybe a 50 point cut. Um but we just got the 25 cut and so market did sell off in that uh in response to that because it was expecting that. So this was pricing in that news and so the seller news event that we were looking out for last week it did shake out. Um however this is not meaningful damage if you recall from two weeks prior or no from last week. What we were saying is even if we do get a sell the news event what we care about step number one this is really just the first basic small step is to fill this gap that was left behind on uh Monday's trade. Oh sorry it was it's to fill this gap right we didn't even have this gap yet. this gap that was established on Monday, we didn't even have that yet. So, the first step that we were looking out for if we're going to see a sell the news event was just to fill this gap to negate this breakout over the prior all-time high 67395. And so, because we got this new gap, the new first step of the week was to fill this gap. And you can see how they tried to get that done on Thursday and Friday. In fact, Friday was a lower low that filled more of the gap that failed. Um, that was obviously not good for these sellers. So, the week closed as a dogee, like I was saying, and the only reason why I bring it up is because uh uh I just got some a bunch of messages from our community regarding, oh, okay, is this a reversal dogee? You never know, right? Like, you don't know. The game is not a matter of predicting, but we can contextualize it, right? Cuz we should always contextualize anything that's technical. Like a technical reading is kind of just telling you like what, right? Like what happened. So we should always put all of that into context and then ask ourselves even if we're leaning towards you know that technical signal if if we're we're we're you know assigning a a directional bias to it we should still understand like what needs to occur afterwards right so from a purely technical perspective just a pure TA perspective you know people like to talk about confirmation I don't love that term you know I like to use affirmation right I don't really there's no real confirmation you know like the like I think people are kind of used to getting confirmation Because we live in a society where like you, you know, you book a trip or you buy some tickets and right away you get that confirmation email, right? The thing is though, like even a confirmation email is not 100%. Like I'm sure you guys have like maybe bought plane tickets or something like that and the plane tickets are over booked, double booked or whatever. You show up at the gate and they're like, "Oh, we don't have your seat." Um, or you know, like even I don't know like marriage, right? People get divorced, you know, contracts get broken. You just never know. So I don't I don't like using that term confirmation because it almost it kind of like you know language is powerful you know so like it makes it makes people I think have too much confidence in something if a signal is quote unquote confirmed. So I just like to use the term affirmed, right? Like if something is being affirmed in this moment that we then we can keep betting on it or we should keep betting on it. Um but the moment that's not being affirmed, we should we should let it go, right? It's like the idea of uh having strong convictions but holding them very loosely, right? You should have strong convictions, strong belief in what you know. But then if you get new information and then you now know more or you see what you know differently, you should be willing to let that go easily. So anyway, the idea is in a like a TA perspective, you would look for that affirm. I'm going to go with affirmation. Affirmation, which would be like a break at least under the prior week's low to start thinking, oh, okay, yes, this dogee, this pattern is um starting to be affirmed, right? Um, but really this is not meaningful damage right now like I was saying from the sellers perspective. I mean from the market perspective in general technical perspective because they couldn't even fill this gap. And even if these sellers do fill this gap, if they can't fill this gap, that would be weak selling. If they can't get back to this prior all-time high, that would be weak selling. If you can't get back under 669.18, that would be weak selling, right? Because holding over this structures point of control, a prior all-time high structures point of control is no different than what happened over here, right? It's exactly like what Oops. It's exactly like what's happened over here, right? Here you have this prior all-time high structure. You come back down, hold this point of control, hold this point of control, balance above it, no problem, right? So, it's what happened here, right? You create this overhead supply, break down, hold this structure, no problem. So, um yeah, is a reversal dogee and and honestly like a reversal dogee in blue skies is not really as problematic, right? Like I'm sure that if we were just look back like here's a here's a dogee, right? in blue skies, no problem. Right? Here's a dogey in blue skies. No problem. Not a reversal because it's not red. But either way, here's a dogey in blue skies. It was no problem. Oh, I'm sorry. That was not in blue skies even. But anyway, you get the idea, right? There's plenty of times where that's like a hanging man, right? Like plenty of times where these, you know, I don't love candle patterns and pattern trading in general. This is potentially weakness of mine. I'm not saying this is always how it has to be. Um because it kind of lends itself to like a predictive mindset and I just don't think that that's very valuable, right? So you know rather than predict we should react right we can read the context right and and s and try to analyze what the context is um kind of suggesting that's fine right but we should be again willing to change our mind if that is not being affirmed you know like the context is just context right we still need to look out for what price is doing within that context to be able to make reasonable decisions right picking our locations setting our risk etc um so anyway that's That's really it for the spy. These buyers are looking just fine and what I was talking about before regarding the um you know are buyers still climbing this wall of worry. Um I think so right like there's a lot of fear headlines that's still coming out right you know trade deals not doing so well or trade deals being returned back to what we had in January after they were falling apart or whatever. Um so there's still like a decent amount of fear is is the idea, right? like major tops typically aren't made I can't think of any major tops that were made when there was you know in with the fear and greed index was in fear typically those tops are made when we're in greed or extreme greed um don't get me wrong like local tops in like a bare market can can often be set with like fear or neutral or whatever but when you're in a bull market the major tops typically are set when people get too greedy so you kind of want to do the opposite right right now there's still a lot of fear in the market so um I think it's reasonable to just continue to be a cautious buyer personally. Um but so yeah, that's that's what we're going with anyway. Um I don't think this has gotten into any red trade zones cuz we're looking for a pullback into this area. So just, you know, I think this is still very reasonable to be looking for um trade over here for those potential higher lows. And that's really it for the spy. Now moving on to the cues here. Um let me just kill some of the lines. These are for our Friday streams. So this is not it's just for the Friday streams. Okay. So what do we care about um for the Q? It's the same deal dilio, right? Like this new gap is what we care about. And you can see tech was kind of leading the way, right? Because tech had some pretty strong earnings. Um there's like these like AI deals keep, you know, this like it's questionable, right? The fact that all these AI companies are kind of investing in each other and like promising each other money, it does kind of feel like bit like a kind of like a Ponzi scheme element to it. Um but you know, all these companies or not all these companies, but many of these companies, they they do have a lot of revenue. So I do think that comparing it to like the.com bubble is not really is not really a good comparison because the.com bubble you know a lot of those companies they they weren't they didn't have any reps you know so um yeah like I think uh these hyperscalers even if you we are in a bubble which probably are even if we see it that pop I don't think it will be in the same way um with like you know when like pets.com or whatever was was all the rage. So anyway, the NQ is actually stronger. ENQQ is actually stronger than the ES and the SPY because we didn't even fill this gap at all. Right? This ES and the SPY, we got some gap fill here, although they failed to complete it. The Q's, they didn't even get that started. So if you just keep balancing here and incomplete uh with an incomplete gap fill here, that's that's pretty much the best case scenario for these buyers from a defensive perspective. But even if you fill this gap, buyers are still fine as long as they're affirming this breakout over this prior all-time high. And again, 60867 is really what these buyers should care about because if you can just keep affirming this fella as demand, then that means that higher prices relative to the prior all-time high structure are being accepted, that's all good. Okay. Um, so that's pretty much it for the Q's. Again, I don't don't think, you know, we're just waiting for a pullback play um into this uh demand zone and that's really it for the Q's. Moving on to the rut. Uh, we were looking for a lower for the rut, too. This is again a very notable failure. Like the buyers did not advance so well last week, right? You know, it's it wasn't a big percent gains for anybody. Um actually the Q were still pretty solid. Um honestly, everybody still, you know, 7% is not bad. Um, but you know, the the the rut actually declined. But if you look at what the what what's happened last week is the sellers are really having a hard time getting to back down to this value area high here of this prior all-time high structure. Again, if you're holding over the point of control of this prior all-time high structure, then higher prices relative to that prior supply now acting as demand are being accepted, which is the case throughout all of this, right? Point of control hold over here. balary high hold over here, PC hold over here. And so here you had two days with lower lows. So this was this was a six-cent break under Wednesday's low on Thursday. And then Friday saw another break under Thursday's low. And that the objective should have been it still is to get here and the sellers just could not get there. So right now this selling is very weak. Now again, we don't predict, right? I can't I can't tell you what's going to happen next week. I can only make decisions based on what happens or what doesn't happen as things continue. But I can tell you this that if we continue to fail to come down here, that is not a good look for sellers. And again is another point in favor for buyers. You should be looking to, you know, be a cautious buyer. Although I was more interested in selling in the rut just because, you know, uh I'm very long tech names in general. And so I was kind of interested in being a seller to kind of offset that a bit. And whenever I'm interested in being a seller in the indices, almost always I pick on the rut because the rut is is just, you know, it's just it's just the weakest one in general, right? You can see how it's not breaking out so well. And the impetus for um RTY strength, you know, small cap strength is rate cuts, right? Like people were were thinking, okay, well, the the um small caps would probably play some catch-up here if we get into a rate cut environment. we're in that rate cut environment and they're not really catching up so well. Um, so, you know, I I I I don't I don't I don't love this narrative right now. And so, I think it makes sense to or rather I don't love how that narrative is not playing out well in the charts. And so, I think it's reasonable to be looking for um, you know, sell in the rut. Especially again, if you're primarily index futures trader and you are going to be a seller, almost always it's going to be better in the rut. There are very few days where the rut outperforms. every now and then you'll get like a beastly day like that or whatever, but very rarely do you get that um where the rut just consistently outperforms ES and the ENQ. Anyway, so that's pretty much it. We're continuing to look out for 24280 24088. If you can't find acceptance under 24088 balancing over that prior high structures point of control, again, that's all good for these fires. Okay, so that's it for IWM. Uh moving on then to the Dow. Same dealio, right? We're not um you know, it's not uh coming into our trade zone or it's not yet come into our trade zone. Let me just clean all this up a little bit. This is really the new daily no change level over here. We don't really need this yellow line. Um yeah, so I would just stick using this trend. I'm just going to hide it for now. It's not really helpful right now. And again, these buyers look really solid here, right? They don't even negate this most recent breakout unless under four 470 point. the sellers. I mean, don't even negate this most recent breakout without getting back under 470.38. Lots of space for a higher low. This local daily demands being affirmed as long as you're holding over 46283. There's just just not really any any meaningful selling out there right now. So, and and I don't know like I I the just the fact that like there's a lot of people talking about bearish stuff. It just doesn't feel like a major talk to me, you know, like um like people talking constantly bringing up uh Warren Buffett and Bergkshire, I should say, having like a big cash position. But I think if you look at, you know, you can just like look up the chart like how much cash they have compared to the S&amp;P performance. And typically when they have a lot of cash, the S&amp;P is actually performing well. And I know that sounds counterintuitive, but you know, think about how what Bergkshire does. They look for value plays. And so when they're like hoarding cash, yeah, you can think, okay, that's bearish, right? They don't want to buy anything. But they wouldn't buy anything unless it was good value. So you could look at it another way and think, oh, okay, they're actually waiting for a buying opportunity in in the short term, right? Like, you see what I'm saying? like it's it's not necessarily a bearish uh indicator in my opinion. Um but anyway, that's just my opinion. So um you know, it would suggest if you're sitting on cash that okay, you're waiting for some kind of decline such that valuations are a little bit more fair and then you'll you'll be a buyer, right? It's not like you're looking for, you know, all out crash necessarily. So anyway, um that's pretty much it for the Dow. Dow's looking just fine in my opinion and I wouldn't change the trade zone either. Moving on to the dollar. So, like I was saying last week with, you know, so many of my mom's like friends, like aunties or whatever, looking to sell their dollars, it just doesn't seem like the right move to me. Um, so I'm a little apprehensive to use this trade zone again, but I I do still think it's valid. And yeah, I do still think it's valid at this point. Now, the buyers are starting to edge out a little bit here, especially if they can find acceptance over 99.8. You can see how the sellers really they they got they got stopped at the point of control of this key structure over here twice right over here and then over here pretty like just drop and pops. And to be fair, the sellers did do that as well. They responded once. And so the next test here is going to be super key. If these buyers can start finding acceptance back over 99.800, that would affirm this structure as demand again. Affirming this structure as demand again would just have us look for more balance plays like this. And so if you get a big rip up back over 99.8, something like this, then we can recycle this trade zone again, this guy over here, and look to get back to this basically the same exact play. So I think that's something reasonable to be looking out for in the short term. But as of right now, I still think it's fine to just be recycling these two trade zones because there's no meaningful change yet. The buyers are flirting with creating some meaningful change, but as of right now, they haven't done so. So that's pretty much it. And like even if this is a bust here, let's say you recycle this trade zone, who cares, you know, like you've already got one trade that worked out fine for you here, one trade that worked out fine for you here. So if this one is a bust, I mean, unless you really manage your sizing poorly um relative to this new trade, should be no problem. Moving on to gold. So gold, this is the most notable weakness in gold in that we have seen in quite some time. So you know, it's been a really long time since the gold buyers uh sellers or yeah, the gold buyers have been unable to hold a back test of local daily demand. Right? So everything's back here, right? They break out, hold the back test over here of this high over here. Break out, hold the back test over this high over here. Break out, hold the back test over this high, etc. Right? Don't even come back to test it. Don't even come back to test it here. Don't even come back to test it here. Um, don't even come back to test it here. So, uh, here now that they have not only back tested it, but also broke down under it. Again, this is the most notable weakness that gold has seen in a long time. The gold that gold has seen in a long time. And I wouldn't be surprised if we're starting some something like this. Like this move like this is pretty much as of right now still just like an analog to this. So if these buyers can just trade sideways, even if it's in a massive range, like I know this is a 20% decline just to back test this guy. But if they were to do that, that would be fine. Like this, this would all be constructed relative to where there was any amount of meaningful demand established back here. And this was like 5 months of demand. So you know, again, it's uh the most notable weakness that the gold that gold has seen in, you know, since back here. But it would be fine if in constructive as long as holding over this guy. Okay. Don't need this guy anymore. Um so I don't want to set up a trade zone yet because if anything wait for some daily demand to be established here. So if we get something going like this and then break out over it. Okay. Now we can look to a back test play up for this guy with our stop under here. That's fine. Um but for now I think just be patient and wait for a more clear setup on gold. All right, moving on to MVDA. So MVDA just more strength here. Again, I I I don't care, you know, like this this aggressive setup, you know, if if you used it, got a fill here, and and you got paid for being aggressive, that's awesome. I'm happy for you, but it's not something that I'm willing to chase. I would rather us see some more meaningful selling. And uh, you know, I I just I have a hard time seeing us not back test this structure. This structure, there's a lot of demand established over like over a year, right? Let's see here. U yeah, it was over a year. So, I would be surprised if we didn't eventually come and back test this guy. So, just like we were patient waiting for this guy to set up once and twice over here, I think we can be patient and wait for this setup back here. Um that's my opinion anyway. But like I said, if you're an aggressive operator, we set that up for the aggressive traders and you know, if you got paid for that, great. Um I still think that's a reasonable trade zone. If you're a momentum style trader, like looking for a back test of this local area, that's totally fine. Lots of space for a daily higher low and this structure is being affirmed this demand as long as they're holding over 17769. So these buyers like again totally fine in in in NVDA. Lots of space for a higher low. Anything over 17676 will be good for one weekly again higher low, right? Like we're just seeing higher lows and higher highs. So really no problem for these um buyers. Monthly chart, you know, probably look for some retracement sooner rather than later. Even if it's just sideways trade like that. And I think if we do get some like monthly sideways trade like that, then bottom fishing off the lows would be a little bit more reasonable, which is more aligned with this setup here, right? Like all of this sideways, all of this sideways, this month of ch months of chop was, you know, just looking for bottom fishing off of the structure that held here. Like if you didn't do it here and you hit it here the second time, that was still a worthwhile trade. So anyway, that's what I'm looking for for um MVDA. Although again, like I said, momentum style traders, you can be using this more aggressive zone. That's totally fine. Um, all right, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin, you know, like we were saying, a little apprehensive to recycle the zone. It's technically fine. Where is it? It's technically fine, right? Because again, as long as this structure is not being negated, then we're just looking for further balance like this and further balance like this. Holding over this fella is still technically constructive. I was just a little sused out by it. Um, I don't know. Just like the third time it enters it enters the trade zone, you know, it's already got came in, got to target, came in, got to target. It's a little sus, but I do still think it's reasonable. It's just a, you know, I would pass on it personally, but I'm also very conservative. Not really in the mindset of like trying to get aggressive gains anymore. Just kind of want to keep what I have and just, you know, stack on to it. It's all just kind of, you know, um I call it pieces of candy at this point, right? It's like, you know, it's it's Anyway, that's my objective. Um if your objective was different, you're aggressive trying to really level up these accounts, then all right, hit it. You know, be aggressive here. But for me personally, I would even if I miss like a Bitcoin run here, like another breakout, we'll probably get another opportunity just like these back tests. Like we'll look for something just like these setups here against this structure, just like we were looking for these setups off of this structure, you know? So like if we get a big old move, break alltime high, then we can look for back test plays against this guy to press to press higher, you know. Um so that's pretty much it for Bitcoin really. This is also a very notable failure for these sellers to reject right from the value area low of this all-time high supply. I know that technically we've already violated it, but um you know it's I think I still think it's a very good reference pretty much a picture perfect rejection from the point of control over here. Val area low failure, value area, low failure, and now we're back to battling it. So really buyers their backs are on the walls here again defending this structure. Okay, space for daily lower high anything under 116410.06 will be good for one and that's pretty much it for Bitcoin. Uh moving like to Ethereum. So Ethereum I still stand by this trade zone like you know these altcoins or many of these altcoins didn't really follow Bitcoin you know like this is still struggling at the 2021 high um Ethereum I mean overall pop and drop at that all-time high. you would expect that you know a test of the lows of range which is exactly what we're seeing right now. So you know if I had to pick you know as this is why we set up the sell on Ethereum and not Bitcoin because Ethereum is still showing you that relative weakness. I stand by this trade zone. You know if we do take out this structure over here these sellers should be trying to get back down here. Uh again at the same time this is still reasonable. This is a bit more aggressive. Um but honestly it is for a monthly higher low. I think both of these zones are totally fine. Just like in the dollar, right, when we were setting up trade zones like this and this, it's very similar to Ethereum. Like I I I think you can honestly make a case for both. So, continuing to to to use this trade zone. Again, it's already worked once over here, but continuing to use this trade zone, looking for this um daily demand zone to be affirmed and then, you know, potentially set this monthly higher low. That's great. You know, if you set a monthly higher low here, it position really well for new highs. So, I don't hate it. I think both ways is totally reasonable. In fact, you can probably hedge your bets, right? Like be a buyer in the spot here. Sell futures as a hedge like that, you know, whatever. Um, that's pretty much it. Space for a daily high. Anything under 4254.23 will be good for one. That is it. And then finally for CCJ, CCJ still very strong. Earnings is right around the corner here next week, next Wednesday. Um, but again, I I still primarily would just be interested to hear. I know that like that's what I've been saying for a long time, but there's just no change, right? These are weekly updates. So, you know, sometimes change uh it takes a while. Um and we gifted you that one, right? So, hope you not can't complain too much. But yeah, this is a major major area of demand that was established over many months. So, uh many years really. So, again, I would be surprised if we didn't eventually get a back test of this u major structure. And that's what I would be waiting for. Essentially looking for a monthly higher low play off of this guy over here, right? Just like these pullbacks were just back testable to this fell here. All right. Oh, that's it. Okay. So, for trade review here, uh, what do we do first? I I think I just set this all up, but I'm not 100% sure. Yes, everything's good. I think um, okay, so on this day, what was I looking for a lagger move on? I'm 1028. What the heck was that? 1028 is uh okay so on 1028 okay I remember so on 1028 the ES and the ENQ they were still looking pretty strong so at this point in the day um was that here that was here yeah okay so I didn't do anything early in the session but at this point if if I just show you the other uh ES and the ENQ charts so here we are for uh it was like around 144 at 144 wait is that 144 yes 144 we're over here in the uh um ENQ and then for the uh ES we're over here right so you know they were looking really strong close to the high of day so and here we are with the rut and so I didn't really have a good setup here for the ES and the ENQ right like it's just not my kind of setup although I honestly looking for the back test of this high that probably would have been okay but I typically like to use the developing point of control and the diva I honestly think that's something that I can work on I kind of lean too hard on those I Um but you know when it works it works quite well and I don't really mind not capturing every trade as we you know we previously discussed but anyway so I bought this pass back over the development point of control because at this point in time what happened was the sellers had a really good opportunity to press the issue here. This is the 28th. So the 28th is on this day um here the sellers right they open up under the prior day's low right so here's the 28th you open up under the prior day low and then you press lower and they just couldn't hold it. Right? Here's the prior day's regular trading hours low, right? So, if these sellers, they had a great start. You open up right at the regular trading hours low and press lower, but then they couldn't hold it. And then you pop back above above the regular trading hours low. Come back into prior days range. And then you they tried again to press under the prior days low and and they fail again here. So, I'm thinking, all right, what's over here? Right, this is the value area lows right here of the prior day. And so far, the sellers are failing to get here, right? If we mark up this line and just move it here, this is a regular trading. I mean the value low of the prior day. They failed to get here. They failed to get here. So, I'm thinking, all right, if they keep failing to get to the value area low of the prior day, they're probably going to try to get back to the the buyers. I'm probably going to try to get back to the point of control and the value area high. And I know they already got there once, but I'm thinking, especially because the ES and the ENQ are strong, I'm looking for a potential lagger play here. Um, so I just bought this move back over the uh development point of control. looking for a move back down to the yesterday's point of control on the value area high and it makes me wait a super long time. Uh just kind of chopped around. Didn't didn't feel like the trade was going to work. You know, typically the best trade to kind of rushes to your first target. Um so didn't feel great for sure, but eventually it does get there. I was just explaining the logic here. Uh I made a you know I misspeak about it over here. And so I chopped it up at 219. So again, it made me wait like a long time. um like 45 minutes or so and chopped it up and then stopped out the rest on this move down and that was all that I did on that day. And then for the 29th here, the next day I bought so 29th is now FOMC day. So 29th is this day. Um it's this day, but we got a gap up into blue skies and it wasn't a big gap up. So I was thinking, okay, you know, maybe we just keep running hard into FOMC. I don't know. So, I was thinking, um, you know, play the open, pass back over the open as long as the risk is cheap to try to get to the overnight high. Um, and it was. So, if you just go to this day, you'll see that the gap up, uh, let's see here. We're looking at it like this. All right. So, here's the gap up. Again, not a big gap. And then I saw that there was pretty much no corrective activity at all on this open. So, I just set up a at all on this open. So, I just set up a at all on this open. So, I just set up a limit order to buy the back test of the open. And I was looking to exit my first exit under 300. Just a psychological cuz, you know, like I'm thinking if they're going to fail on the way to the overnight high. It'll probably be a psychological number. So I just, you know, talked about that looking for a chop under 26300 and I used two R wiggle and a little the trade again made me wait. It really looked like it was going to stop me out. But uh it's I guess you know, you just never know, right? So like once you commit to the risk, more often than not, it's better to just let it ride and see and see what the market will do. Um, and it wasn't that much risk, right? 15 points for a contract, not so bad for NQ. So, um, although it was making me sweat, so I was thinking at 9:47, I'm talking about the high, the first minute candle being key. Um, especially because the fourth one couldn't hold above. So, you know, a lot of folks would buy this new one one the the first uh high over the open candle as like an aggressive kind of play for early trade. Um, I I don't normally do that. I prefer to just kind of get in as close as I can to the level of change and just assume more risk um and from like uh like uh like whether or not it's going to work potential, right? It's like the like you you assume less dollar risk, less point risk, but like the market hasn't really proven to you that it's trying to make a new high. Um so, you know, there's always it's not free lunch, right? There's always pros and cons. So, anyway, I'm looking at this one minute high because they couldn't hold above it here. That was a bit of a red flag. So, I buy in here, they break here, couldn't get to my target, and then roll back under the open. That's kind of a red flag. So, at 947, I'm just eyeing it again because it happens again over here, right? Pop and drop, right? Right at that one minute candle high again. That's making me think, okay, the odds of me being stopped out of this are are increasing here. Um, and then at 952, we we made a new high and then rolled back under it again, right? So at 952 I'm thinking okay if we roll back down under the diva I'm going to bail on at least half of this trade because we're just struggling to make new highs over that one minute candle but uh it does the market eventually does get there so I get that um chop and then um I'm just talking about the logic here about like being kind of cautious with my exits and I think this was pretty prudent right because even though the overall daily context blue sky breakout is very supportive of buying this open here blue sky breakout and then incomplete gap fill and then move back over to the open is is completely supportive for um a buy here. But you know with FOMC right around the corner I just didn't really expect there to be like any kind of major change heading into it. So and there's no targets above the overnight high. So I thought you know I don't normally like taking the next exit so close but it is still you know 13 points it's not whatever like either way I figured okay and this was already a two-art trade anyway. So this is just like a little bit of icing on the cake. So that's my that was my logic and I do think it's very important to have like cautious targets just like the trades from last week. There was another day where we bought ENQ strength and then chopped it up at the overnight high or no or like at the at the value area high, right? Remember you recall last week um we did a trade uh I think it was here, right? Buying this guy and then no it was this day on this day we did this right. Um we bought the this guy we bought off of this point of control and then chopped it up here and that ended up being very close to the uh high of the day, right? And that I think made a lot of sense because you know if you're going to hope buy here you can really only be confident they're trying to get there. So it's the same idea right like this is I think a you know a situation where you kind of want to be a cautious buyer. And so if you're going to be a cautious buyer you kind of want to think okay well where are the if if if these sellers are going to step in where should they step in? It should be the overnight high. And that is what they do. Um pop and drop at the overnight high and then we we kind of sell off um pretty much from there. So um that's it. Chop it. Chop it. Stopped out the rest over here. And that was a pretty decent trade. And then um this is after FOMC now, right? Yeah. And so on this gap up, I'm talking about this context here, right? So ENQ, it's still an incomplete gap fill. And so the gap guidelines suggest that if value is not overlapping, you know, by the end of the session or somewhere around power hour, you probably get an end of the day rally. And so what that means is you'll just look at it like over here. Here's the gap up open. And I was thinking, you know, if you don't if you can't get value overlapping, you typically get an end of the day rally. So, I was looking to make a play for that end of the day day rally closer to the end of the day. Um, and I I thought I said something more about this, right? I was going to say it would be not I'm pretty sure I said it would be notable. I didn't include that. I didn't include that update, but I was saying it would be very notable for if if the FOMC reaction was a sell the news event, it would be notable if that sell the news couldn't get value overlapping, right? Because then you would have this kind of news catalyst driving these sellers. And again, if you couldn't if you couldn't hold value, if you couldn't even get value overlapping at that point, even with a news catalyst, then again, I feel like that end of the day rally, you know, the the odds of it would increase. So, we do get the end of the day rally, but I didn't capture it well. Um, so later in the session, uh, I see this. Where is it? Oh, it's over here. And I I kind of missed honestly because um, you know, I I was thinking about this end of the day rally move and I was thinking, okay, well, like we can maybe play for it here after the heck. Oh, it should be in here. I was thinking, okay, this is after the FOMC reaction and then we built a little bit of base of demand over here. pop over it. I should have been willing to fire away at this back test or even just playing this one minute stairst step break. It was very very cheap and it was at reasonable location off pretty much a point of control of this guy over here. Um but I hesitated so I I missed it and then and then I thought, okay, let me try it again if we don't move under this overnight low um by too much. But we did move under it by a lot. That was like 50 points or so. So, uh, and then I was thinking about it here, but as I was setting it up, it just got away from me. So, I missed it there again. So, I think I kind of fumbled into this a little bit here, but I looked for this deep play, reasonable um, R, try to get back to the regular trading RSI and I had to leave a little bit early today for this day for an appointment. So, I think I felt like kind of running out of time. So, honestly, I think FOMO kind of got the better of me, which I think is important to point out because even though we did make a little bit of profit on this trade, um like 10 points or something like that, 20 points, something like that. Um you know, it kind of affirmed doing the wrong thing, kind of rushing into it. So, I do call myself out on that. Well, actually uh um Yaser, one of our members, uh asked me because I I thought I I this was the Deepo, but I forgot that I anchored the Deepo this this um developing point of control and value area to the low of this balance over here. So that was that setup based off of that and not the sessions deep. And I did that because, you know, the odds of me getting a Deepo setup with this kind of session was very unlikely because most of the value was was established here and then you got this extreme move. you're very likely to not really see a change in that deepo because you know this is kind of an anomaly with FOMC. So that was really it. Chopped it up at the regular trading hours high and then stopped out the rest and that was I had to head out for the day. Um uh yeah that's it. And then on 10:30 that was on the rut now. Oops. 10:30 on the rut. So, let's see. 10:30. The daily context is this. We're here, right? So, the sellers had a really good start. They opened up right at the low of the prior day. And so, I was thinking, okay, if they make a new low under this day, they should try to get back down to the valer area high, right, of that key reference that we've been watching out for the uh prior all-time high structure. So, that was just a stopout like right off the jump that's over here. So, I see this like kind of weak move back into yesterday's range after an overnight low failure, but he traded sideways for a bit here. So, it just didn't look terribly strong to me. So, I thought pretty cheap risk to look for a deep play, try to get back down to the overnight low, which should have been their objective if they did happen to make a new low, but they did not. So, I just stopped it out. Not sure why it should be like this. So, I just stopped it out over here. Um, sold the pass back under the deep looking for a lag. Oh, right. The ES and the ENQ were also drilling at this point. All right. So, if you look at the ES and the NQ, um, hang on, let me just hide this on this day over here. Uh, wait, it was, oh, it was this day. It was this day, 10:20, 10:30. So, the ES and the ENQ, they had already broken under the prior days regular trading hours low. Here's the prior day's regular trading hours low, and they were drilling under it. So, I was thinking, okay, let me look for a lagard in the rut. Um, but they just just didn't shake out like that. And so I stop it out. Um, let's see. Stopped. And then stop over. Yeah, stopped. And then I I point this out though, right? Like pretty much right after at 9:43, I'm saying. So again, 943 is like right after you get stopped out here. Pretty much like right in here. I'm thinking, okay, well that's fine. But these sellers, they don't actually create any meaningful ch. the buyers, I mean, don't actually create any meaningful change unless they can get back over this guy 25507.1 because this was the prior day's end of the day structure. And by now, this is not the first time that you, you know, watch these videos, then you know how much I care about the prior day's end of the day structure because the buyers or the sellers are just picking up where they left off as long as they can just keep affirming the prior days end of the day structure. So, I stop out over here. Um, that that's fine. And then I'm thinking, all right, well 25007.1 is really where the change would occur, right? And so I called that out at 9:43. And then um 10 minutes later I hit that sell here on 951, right? 95. Oh, 952, whatever. It's this candle here. Um I hit that cell against 25507.1 because again, that's the that's the area for change. And then I look for the chop um okay on the back test of this structure is my first exit. And then for the other chop uh why did I pick that? Oh, it was the yesterday's value area low. I think let's see looking for a back test of 2499.3. So that's this guy over here, right? And then um looking off Oh, it was just a PDC the prior day's close. This was just a prior day's close. So I chopped it up at the prior days close and then I just left my stop there and it really looked like again like this this all this sideways trade here. It really looked like it was going to stop me out again. But again, you just never know. So I ended up just walking the stop down for the rest um to 25503.8. I just kept walking it down pretty much. These are just just updates. We're walking it down. And then I I held it into the next session. And then on this rally up, this was a new low of the day. Remember we were just talking about in the beginning of the video, how like this this was a very notable failure for these sellers. This should be easy work for the sellers to punch it to the value area high. So the fact that they didn't do that, I just, you know, at 152, I'm pointing out that it's not a good move. Like the fact that they they're just having a hard time pressing down to that value area high. So, I walked the runner down to the overnight high um over here and then I just closed it out at the, you know, on this move up. So, that was still a pretty solid trade. And that was it. Those are all the trades for the week. I think the primary takeaway was really that FOMO and the location. Like being really picky about your location when you're being a cautious buyer is, you know, I think it's it's very helpful. Like just not looking for too much, especially when you're trading highly leveraged products. Like, you know, you don't really need that much to to make the day trade worth it. So, you know, good to be um prudent. I don't know. So, anyway, that's it. Appreciate y'all tuning in. Uh if you found any of that valuable, we would very much appreciate like and subscribe. Uh if you would like to get, you know, these updates, you know, hang out in a chat room with these updates. You can like I do we do I call a live call all of these trades like you can just like go into our community and do um I was just talking to somebody about it. Uh she was asking for like how we buy the open, you know, just we we call out all of these all the trades that we do, you know, they're all timestamped or whatnot. So you just looking to if you're looking to learn the ropes, follow along with, you know, figure out a process like how to manage a risk, talk psychology, whatever. Um check out their community links in the description below. And if you are interested in like a more swing trade advisory, you know, you don't want to be a day trader, um, but you want some help scouting trades, I'll give you trade zones. You get an update from me, give you an update from Dan. And any trades that we take, we do playbyplays just like in our chat room for the daytime frame stuff. Um, if you're interested in that, check out the swing report. Links in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thank you for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see you all next time.