============================================================
Video: WpuYQZ8amJo
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trump China Tariff DUMP
Date: 2025-10-11
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6753
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:55.028175
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Wild end to the week with Trump China tariff news. The biggest dump we've seen in the broader market in months. And then to top it all off, the biggest crypto liquidation we've ever seen after the bell rang at the end of the day. There's a lot to check in on, and we're going to talk about shorting quantum stocks, which I've been focusing on, and a whole lot more. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders, as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right. So, I'm going to talk about the crypto scenario a lot more in my next crypto stream early this coming week, but we'll definitely touch on things here the second half of this video as we check in on some crypto stock. So, big time drop. Real quick summary of the news. Trump and China aren't getting along and you know, China is restricting strategic metals and Trump's gonna respond with 100% tariff and maybe they're not going to meet at the upcoming what is it a summit but maybe they're going to still meet. That's all I know as far as the indepth that I'm following the fundamentals. That's enough for me. That's all I need to know. So, uh, from there we got a big drop and this is a sucker punch. So, I'm seeing a lot of posts going viral around Twitter saying there's no way technical analysis could have predicted what happens. I don't care how good you are. Blah blah blah. No. In terms of the day, could we say we're about to drop 3% on Friday? No. Technical analysis cannot tell you that. But it can get you pretty close and it can get you ready for it. So Monday afternoon, bulls obviously have full control, but complacency, bull complacency and leveraged longs. We know everybody's confident that we're going up. They're just stacking. You see the huge account wins being posted. People are just leveraging up into this strength. It'll have me starting to watch for a potential sucker punch into weekly consolidation with many names having space for a weekly higher low. Three days later, three and a half days, three days, we dump and get a sucker punch. Did I predict it? I mean, roughly, but you know, to get to nail it to nail a home run, you need to nail the day, but that had you not hurt. I wasn't hurt by the big drop in any meaningful way. Cannabis and psychedelic account definitely took a solid hit, but day trade account up at all-time highs. Swing trade account very close to all-time highs. Uh, and that's because we are prepared for this move. When you grind up for a certain point, it's inevitable. And I was just looking at SPY and I was looking at the weekly time frame and saying we haven't touched weekly EMA 12 in 5 and a half months. The last time that happened was this meltup, end of 2023, start of 2024. That was that cup and handle. Remember this cup and handle on the NASDAQ that some people were laughing at me about? One guy in particular, a money manager. Anyways, um that's the second time it's happened, five and a half months. And the other time that was longer, so this is the longest two times that's ever happened aside from 30 years ago, 1995. So that tells me, don't be surprised at all when we touch weekly EMA 12. We should be expecting it. We don't know when it's going to happen. We know it's pretty darn soon, more likely than not. So this is a sucker punch. What is a sucker punch? It is when exactly what I said. Bulls have complacency, full control out of seemingly nowhere. If you've seen enough times, it's not out of nowhere, but seemingly out of nowhere, you dump in a big way. I thought Tuesday was going to be it potentially because Tuesday we had this hourly drop. It was pretty solid on the morning and I was ready. I was saying, "Okay, is this going to be the sucker punch? You got to confirm an hourly downtrend." And we didn't. So, very quickly could tell, nope, that's not it. And what was missing? This is a technical sucker punch. This is a technical and fundamental sucker punch. And there's a very big difference there. Obviously, I'm way more technical than fundamentals, but if something's going to be big, it has to have a fundamental narrative because otherwise the herd doesn't jump on board. And CNBC isn't talking about the reason. When you give people the reason the thing is happening and their minds can make that connection and then that that makes them more inclined to act. If it's out of nowhere and say, you know, why is the market down 2%, you know, we've seen sucker punches without a clear fundamental reason. Why is the market down one and a half% today? Look around. Oh, there's no reason. All right, who cares? You know that we'll bounce back. That's what the the retail mind does. If you drop in a fundamental fear on top of the technical, it magnifies. And so it was a much bigger follow-through drop. And there were no fake outs once the news hit. Just five minute lower highs every single bounce attempt. Lower high, lower high, lower high, lower high, lower high, lower high all the way to the end of the day. After hours, we got another headline that was um I think the 100% number came out. And then we had word that Trump uh they'll still maybe meet at the summit. So we got some relief. Uh we'll see if we gap down on Monday maybe a little bit. Definitely looking for some relief bounce. The hourly relief bounce got going on that other headline and we'll be looking for a 4hour oversold bounce and then a lower high. Guess what my question is? So we have one check mark for bears, right? Lose the daily uptrend and they did it with a bang in a meaningful way. What's my next check mark? Can we confirm the first daily downtrend in over five months when this sucker punch bottom is hit? Many times we recover back to highs just like here. Big sucker punch, full recovery. Is this time different? Confirm the daily downtrend and this time will be different. So that's what we're watching this coming week. That's the information that I care most about. If we do, we take a step back and we say, "Okay, the market environment is shifting for the first time in five months. I need to shift my trading style for the first time in five months." Weekly, again, we're testing it on ESP SPY is not there yet. But if we lose weekly EMA 12, I'll be looking at the monthly then and watching for monthly consolidation. And keeping in mind, again, I've said in these videos before, we will see monthly consolidation. When we do, everybody will be calling a top. You know, there'll be some fear returning in the market, but a monthly higher low will be the most likely scenario. There's so much space for it. You know, whether it's off EMA 12 for a bull flag in continuation, whether it's a big enough pullback to shape up an equilibrium, I don't know. We'll take it one day at a time. But I do know that I'm not going to be comfortable scouting longer term swing entries as a bull without monthly consolidation in many names. Some names I'll be looking for weekly higher lows. uh you know, even quantum potentially, but uh I need monthly higher lows on the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ if I'm going to be comfortable with longer term swing entries just because of the nature of the straight up move and knowing monthly consolidation is inevitable. So, pretty much if we confirm the daily downtrend, that will tell me the probabilities for monthly consolidation are increasing to more significant than they've been in the last five months. And so, that's what this week is all about. and there wasn't rotation going on. You know, in our chat room now, we have an alert bot that lets us know, you know, me talking about are all major sectors hitting the low of the day together? XLF, XLV, QQQ. And that bot fired like four times on Friday, saying, "Yep, we're all at the low." And even the more extreme one where there's like eight different sectors were all at the low at the same time. So, there wasn't rotation going on. It was clearly a news-driven liquidation. you know, you know, longs are getting liquidated on a move like this. How do you know? I don't need to look at any data. I can look at the chart and know that that longs are positioned over confidently to get liquidated. And of course, social media and watching social media is an aspect of that as well in terms of knowing what's going on under the hood of the market to a certain degree, as much as I need to as a, you know, retail trader. But as far as major support levels, you can mark them out. Uh, again, I care about weekly EMA 12 the most right now, but there's a couple, this is a very important double bottom down there. But, you know, this is a support zone to be keeping an eye on for the S&amp;P 500. And that's it. One day at a time, we got fairly close to daily. No, no, we didn't. If we confirm the daily downtrend, we'll be watching daily oversold conditions, but potential shift underway. And we can be looking for hourly lower highs and daily lower highs on bounces. if you're trying to position bear and if we fully recover then you'll stop out with some small losses and that'll be that but um you know I'll talk more about quantum how I've been focused bare this past week when we get there NASDAQ big drop as well couple levels there's a previous resistance into a support this is the double bottom that is meaningful again it's not even in play the weekly chart EMA 12 so if it's if it's a quick sucker punch it confirm the daily downtrend. It's just another quick healthy weekly high or low. If we confirm the daily downtrend, we zoom out and watch for monthly consolidation to be shaping up. I'm also not forgetting the data point. Again, I'm I'm just generalizing and I'm making the numbers up. I'm pretty close. But 85% of the time from the October low to the end of the year, the NASDAQ has been green the last 35 years, something like that. Uh it was an astounding enough data point where I said, "Wow, that's an you use that until it stopped working and it worked really well in 2022 to no 2023 to 2024 that other time that we went five and a half months without touching you know that other meltup. So I just wow that doesn't happen often. Gone whatever I was talking about. So we'll pick it up with do we confirm the daily downtrend? Semiconductors a little bit easier to see the top just in the sense that we rejected from resistance. You look at the 4 hour here and we had the all-time high and we got up right to it. Could this be a 4hour cup and handle? Maybe no. As soon as you break that low, it's close. Heading into Friday morning, this could be a 4hour cup and handle. Absolutely. But then as soon as you break that low, probabilities massively decrease that it is a 4hour cup and handle and obviously uh dropping with everything else. And so could you consider that a confirmed daily downtrend? You can. I wouldn't argue with you. There's a bunch of gaps on the way down to be watching. So weekly EMA2 is a long ways away. Look how much we can drop. you know, weekly EMA 12 will tick up a bit on Monday, but we could drop another 5% before we're getting to weekly EMA 12 and that would still be very healthy. So, again, we have to keep the context in mind of where we're coming from and know that pullbacks are a part of this market. You know, I posted on Twitter last week, I think it was, the next time the market sees a very normal 5% pullback, it's going to feel like the end of the world because of how the last five months have been. The last five months have been very unusual. Not how markets usually are acting. And so you get again that's the complacency aspect. You just get used to looking at your phone every morning and up green again. And obviously it doesn't last that way. So we're looking for hourly lower highs on the bounces, daily lower highs on the bounces. How much follow through do we get? As far as the healthc care sector, again healthcare dropped with it as well. daily bull flag attempt, but a lower high and lower low. But again, in the grand scheme of things, there's no red flags here at the moment. Again, this is only one day, right? We've only been one day, so we got to see how things go. My biggest concern is, you know, overleveraged longs blowing up, which when we talk about crypto, that's what happened there. But if if the healthc care sector back tests 140 and holds it, this previous resistance, no red flags. We went straight up. That would be a nice little higher low. We'll see if we start weekly consolidation. As far as the monthly is concerned, we'll eventually have to confirm a monthly uptrend if we're going to set a yearly higher low. Going back to the long-term patterns video, but I'm still on the daily at this point and still watching. Again, just looking at the rotation XLV divided by SPY. There was still rotation going on. Friday, there was relative strength in healthcare. Again, we just didn't drop as hard as everything else. We dropped but not as hard. And so on Friday, we hit the strongest we've been compared to the S&amp;P 500 in almost three months. So watching does that trend continue? We know the biotech sector has been on absolute fire. Look at this daily chart. You wouldn't even know anything's wrong here. We're still in a daily uptrend. Biotech sector, if the bulls hold 10255, they're in complete control. After that, we go to the daily EMA 12. Well, daily EMA 12 will be there. After that, we'll go to the weekly. But the biotech sector has been seeing massive rotation. XBI divided by SPY hitting its highest levels this past week of the year. 10-month highs, clear rotation going on. So again, that's what I look for. This is an event where everything's impacted and then when you find a fear bottom, even if it's just an initial fear bottom, when the dust is settling, where is the capital rotating to? So, do bears confirm the daily downtrend? Where's the capital rotating to? And I'm just watching how are the sectors interacting with each other? And you know, IWM divided by QQQ still isn't proving anything for these bulls. We still need a weekly uptrend. There's there's been pretty much a month of not much more information. So, when the dust settles, I'm watching these things. Is it still healthcare and biotech? Does IWM benefit? We knew XLF volatility was coming. Again, I can't pinpoint the day by looking at the charts, but I can say get ready. The financial sector is about to see a big spike in volatility. Why can I say that? Because if you look at the range of this six-w weekek period and you go back and and measure when's the last time we had a six-w weekek period in that tight of a range, you're not going to find it for a very very very long time. which tells us volat this tight range is going to break. We are going to see volatility when this tight range breaks and a volume spike that we can know is certain. The direction is the unknown and when is the unknown but if we're prepared for it then we can capitalize on it even if we're not nailing tops and bottoms. So first bare break 5306 the big bare break was 5284 and a whole lot of bare follow-through from that. So, we're then looking down at 5229, which broke. The next major level for me is this zone. There's a gap down there. And go to the monthly chart. Monthly consolidation's underway. We're watching monthly EMA 12. But first major sector that I'm watching, we're monthly consolidation is underway. And when I say major sector, I just mean the names that are influencing the S&amp;P 500 the most because they have the most sector weight. IWM trimmed some more longs on this carnage. Uh again, swing trade entry was here. Took some profit along the way. Took some more profit I think in here. Took some more profit. So now it's a very small position. There are times where I'll leave a small enough position where it's not going to be a factor in my account, but it ensures that I keep an eye on it because I'm going to be watching IWM for a weekly high or low. I will consider anything above this a weekly higher low. And so again, that was the la the last time we saw a sucker punch in IWM. And we didn't confirm a daily downtrend in a meaningful way. Again, it was just a there's a tiny little dinky pivot in there. If you want to call that a daily downtrend, you can. For me, it was, okay, once the fear bottom is hit, do we follow through or not? And we didn't. And so, we're watching, is this the same thing or is this different? But again, you look at IWM and almost, you know, tiny little wick there, but almost straight up stairst step to the tune of 50% plus. NASDAQ was over 50%. 44%. So again, uh there's just so many places where looking for a monthly higher low would have me most comfortable as far as resetting things a bit. All right, individual names. Tesla had a nice 4hour equilibrium into Friday. I was viewing this as our high low lower higher low lower high held support. There was a fake out here. We did break resistance and then fell apart. So we're watching a gap fill of 39669 as a potential target. We're watching for a weekly higher low. Again, another name that just, you know, a bit extended. Could this be a cup and handle pattern? Again, the psychology is there. Big period of consolidation, fail resistance. My simple statement will be if weekly EMA 12 holds, it's a potential cup and handle. Obviously, the broader market would need to fully recover. This would need to be short-lived. We would need a bullish earnings reaction in a couple of weeks. These things would have to align, but it is a possibility. And I would need to see a drop back under 380 if I started to then view things as the equilibrium because again this is a monthly stairst step up stairst step down stair step up. Is this a monthly lower high for an equilibrium? That's the information we're going to be getting as far as how much retracement size do we see? And we know 382 or less is a potential bull flag. That's down in the 370s. Uh but that's what I'm watching for Tesla into the end of the year. cup and handle or monthly equilibrium and that's the information we're going to get and NASDAQ is going to dictate a lot of that answer. All right, quantum. So, I've been shorting quantum and this has been fascinating for me uh and very enjoyable and it's just the I've got little every trader's got the little voices going on whether it's fear, greed, whatever. But my little voices are my rules. And so as I'm looking short quantum, my little voice is saying, "Why are you fighting momentum? Why are you fighting a blue sky bull? You shouldn't be doing this. You know better than this." My other voice is saying, "I'm having fun. I'm making money doing it. It's going well and it's, you know, it's engaging me. It's something new and I'm sharpening a skill set. I am adding to you know I very very I can't I never very very rarely will average down or up. I very rarely will add to a short that is already profitable. Uh that's something I've been getting better at on the long side trying to add to winners and I just never do it on the short side because I short way less as far as my edge is concerned. But I've been doing that on this move and like you know for example on Friday QBTS I was short in swing positions that I've been talking about over the last few days and I shorted that and I shorted that and I wasn't nailing them. You know again scale in scale in scale out partial stick a stop over the high. Um and again I'm just having a lot of fun. So I have I was shooting shorting. The way that I do it is I watch ONQ as the way that I do it is I watch ONQ as the way that I do it is I watch ONQ as the sector leader. I watch the NASDAQ to see if there's relative strength or weakness in quantum that day, which changes throughout the day oftentimes. And then I'm watching QBTS and RGTI for the actual trades. I've been shorting RTI and QBTS and it became very clear RGTI is the lead bull in the sector and kept hitting higher highs. We're still not seeing daily consolidation yet. Probably going to start this coming week. But that told me, okay, covered my RGTI short and then focused more on QBTS. It's pretty much telling me where to look. And I actually traded RGTI long on this bounce. So, the other psychological training that I'm doing is number one, swing trading shorts, which I do much less often. You know, hedging is different, but straight up swing trading a short. And it's really hard for me because when I'm at the screen, I I'm very confident in when 15minute bounces are going to take place, when hourly bounces are going to take place because of my day trading edge. And so I have to sit there and watch my swing trade position lose, you know, a two-day maker in value on a 15minute bounce on a support hold. And I'm sitting there like, I know that's going to happen. Why don't I act on it? because my history is I act on those shorter term time frames, but eventually you get to a point where you miss the re-entry and the bigger picture move happens without you. So, you got to hold the core to get the bigger picture move, which for me is weekly consolidation. That's my end goal is weekly consolidation in quantum. And finally, we had the NASDAQ help for it. But even Friday, Quantum was holding up better than most things. But my mindset was, okay, I'm I'm in my QBTS swing short. I've got the core position that I am holding. I'm not exiting this. I can add to it and then exit what I add. That's fine. But I'm not going to have less than this many shares short until I get the clear signal to exit this position. And so, how do I combat that? All right, I'll long GTI for this bounce so that holding through the bounce of QBTS is less painful. And that's the way I mentally deal with it. But uh at this point, RGTI, I will be scouting an hourly lower high short on Monday because anything under the all-time high is an hourly lower high. And we'll be looking for daily consolidation and we'll look for hourly oversold conditions. And we got close to those and we probably hit them after hours. Nope, didn't. So we'll look for hourly oversold as an initial target. daily EMA 12 as well but clearly bull there. uh IO and NQ I sold the last of my long runner again I I longed down here on this equilibrium or tightening range breaking bull again same concept is XLF look at this sideways and look back when have we seen that for five six days in a row hasn't happened on this run we know it's about to get volatile and so there was a setup for a potential monthly cup and handle so I was ready to go long I didn't get my entry off support that I wanted But I bought into momentum anticipating there would be followthrough because of how tight we had gotten. But I exited my last runner position 8065. And man, I nailed that top. Well, no, it's easy to nail the top and bottom when you're making multiple attempts. That's why I scale in and out because I'm not going to nail tops and bottoms. I sold some in the 50s. ID sold some in the 60s, 1/3 50s, 1/360s, and then I waited and I was going to say I'm going to wait for the bears to knock me out of this one. But then I got pretty darn confident that a top was going to be in, which is why I started focusing shorting on the sector. Uh, and so now we're looking at weekly consolidation potentially being underway. We're looking for anything above 6014 to be a higher low. Do we drop enough to shape up a head and shoulders maybe, but OQ dictates a lot. There was delution news on Friday as well. It dictates a lot about what I'm doing. QBTS did hold support, so I definitely want to see 3251 break on Monday. There's a little gap down at 2961 as a potential target. Daily EMA 12, of course, same deal. So uh and again when I've been trading these names that have been going against me you know I started shorting Tuesday really focused and we hit higher highs and you know my account I was very actively trading day trading I probably had Thursday 60 orders of quantum because again it's short short cover cover position you know re-short short short cover cover and very quickly you get 30 40 50 60 orders on the day. Uh and again just engaging and fun a challenge which I enjoyed. Okay. Quantum, no uranium really strong start on Friday. CGC all-time highs definitely looking like a rising wedge. Got to be cautious of that. Definitely one of the sectors that held on better through the carnage. So watch that rising wedge. I would say a break of 8452 is telling us it's breaking bare and again you look at these monthly charts you know monthly consolidation will not be surprising the sector leader went60% what is that since last real monthly consolidation wow good math 162% okllo has been the euphoria leader since last monthly consolidation 827%. One of the reasons it's so strong and gets so much follow through is because there's a lot of fundamental bears on it. Rightfully so, but fundamental bears very often are too early because the valuations don't make sense. But the bulls running it in blue sky breakout don't care at all about valuations. And so another big move up and held on fine during the carnage. You know, this was a nice 15-minute equilibrium. the market's falling apart. You've got a and this was a little trade I took on the long side. Very limited on the long side when we're dumping like that. But again, because I'm short swing focused, I've got the shorts covered. I can take little bounce. I'm more inclined to take little bull trades along the way. And you know, I stopped out couple of them break one of them break even. Got the O andQ win one time. Got an OKL win. And again, it was just a playoff support. And you just need a fivem minute bounce on KikiQ to help that. And there was relative strength. There were three things. A support level to play off of lead bull on the day. Still up 8% at that point or something. And relative strength. If you look at the one minute time frame, if you care enough, I'm not going to do it. Go look at OKLO for that 15-minute higher low on the one minute. Compare it to Kikq on the one minute at that point in time. And you'll see that OKLO was basing out and bouncing while Kikq was still dropping. And that was bulls defending support. And again, nothing massive, right? Just a little 15minute bounce, but that's 4%. Get 2% of that. And that's a very worthwhile day trade. So, we're going to look for an hourly lower high on OKLO. And if we confirm the hourly downtrend, we know a temporary top will be in. But again, I'm looking for where's the dust settling and where's the relative strength. Is it going to be the rare earth metals? I'm looking for weekly higher lows in REMX. Rare Earth ETF. I'll be scouting a weekly higher low there. I'll be watching lithium ETF for a weekly higher low again. It just got to a point I am not comfortable longing these things. They're going straight up for months. Got to reset. And so now we got the reset and we're going to be watching for weekly higher lows. Crypto man. All right. So what happened with crypto? I took a screenshot. I probably lost it. Uh the bell rang, another headline came out where the the stock market dropped another 1% after hours and it was the 100% china tariff deal and then Bitcoin dumps and a massive liquidation event took place in crypto. The space have never seen anything like this. This is what the altcoins were doing. minus 55 55 57 Trumpcoin was down 76%. It then bounced hundreds% on some exchanges. 58 66 you get the idea. Everybody using leverage on altcoins was liquidated. Even just two times liquidated. Uh what happened? Intentional to a certain degree. Timing. Wait till the market closed. Less liquidity. You know the ETFs way less liquidity for Bitcoin and Ethereum. I was trading ETHA on the bounce. And what happens when you get these kind of liquidations, you know, in a normal operating market environment, you've got your arbitrage bots, you got the bots that are keeping correlations together, keeping things nice and tight, you know, uh, liquid, nice liquid market, tight bid ask spread, and as soon as the bell rings, the after hours market makers, there's less of them. It's a much less liquid market and everything deped. You've got Trumpcoin on this exchange and Trumpcoin on this exchange. I'm just using it as an example. There's a billion examples. No, not that many. Soul, ADA, whatever it is. Differences of 10 to 15 to 20% this exchange to this. So again, the arbitrage bots something 10% difference. You buy the coin here for 10% less. You send it to this exchange and you sell it here for 10% more. And that shrinks the arbitrage. But everything went wild. And so I'm trading ETHA after hours and you know this is nothing new for us that have been trading the sector for a long time. This happened in two this is bigger but you know like the the FTX collapse and and the CVID dump they liquidated one and a half. billion. This liquidated $19 billion from crypto. Bitcoin didn't drop as much. You know, it was a big solid red day, but nothing, you know, you zoom out, it's nothing massive, but it's the other things, you know, that had the monster drops. And for those of you who hate crypto, all the junk coins, Dogecoin, Fartcoin, all this stuff, they dropped like 80%. and serves you right is what's going on in your mind. I know, but um it's always a game of flashing numbers. Honestly, my experience in penny stocks and crypto helps me treat the broader market as a game of flashing numbers. And that without a doubt helps me in my trading abilities. And you know, it's uh a big lesson. I never use leverage. It's a big lesson against that. And it's a big lesson. You know, I someone I retweeted worst take of 2025. someone calling people who use stop- losses losers. And for some reason, a lot of people are liking that post. Dumbest post I've I've seen all year. And then you've got this where uh it only takes one. And my response to the post was I am confident that I can trade myself out of 99.9% of trades without using a stop-loss because of my capital size. You know, I'm not using a I've got a large pile of cash as a day trader and I'm only using a bit of that. I'm not using a ton of it a bit of that. I'm not using a ton of it a bit of that. I'm not using a ton of it for my day trades. And so I can always, you know, I've always got more capital to deploy. And uh what happens is you you get your way out of any scenario a hundred times in a row and you get overconfident and then the one happens, the one in a thousand, and you blow up. And I'm not that's what I'm when I use stop losses. I'm protecting against the the 0.1%. Uh because you get oil negative, you get GME squeeze, you get the F the the VIX ETF blow up years ago, 2018 maybe and this is now added to that crypto 2025 where something that has never happened before can happen and everything that you are used to goes out the window and you blow it only takes one. It takes one to blow up your account. It takes one to erase a decade of good trading. And so I will never put myself in a position where that's even a possibility. You know, if Fidelity goes to liquid, I'm in big trouble. But that's the only major risk that I have. So crypto. Wild BMR. You can see after hours again liquidity you know we fall off a cliff min that wasn't bad 12% bounce of 15%. Anyways BMNR was a two-day equilibrium that we've been watching and just beautiful,000% massive pullback 100%. Big pullback 50% plus big pullback just tightening up which is expected but a little fake out. Is that a bull break? No followrough. N I call that a double top. We broke by 2%. But when you're do seeing things go hundreds of percent, 2% is very very small and we were probably only over that level for like 10 minutes that morning. So I'm still viewing this as an equilibrium. I view that as a double top and I view anything above 4721 as a higher low. And I'm definitely watching the direction this equilibrium is going to break this coming week. This is the ETH ET or the ETH treasury company. So maybe there's a playoff 4721 this coming week to keep tightening up. We'll see. But uh expecting, you know, Coin had a big red day. A lot of these uh names were coming from a ton of strength. CLSK, look at this move. Just straight up Riot. These names had been underperforming for many, many months. They started playing catch-up. IN putting on an absolute show. Look at this weekly chart. It's like plus 350% since last weekly consolidation. 300%. We know we're going to consolidate on the weekly here soon. Anyways, uh crypto monster drop. Uh not a ton of recovery yet. But anyways, liquidations. Does that have major impact on the the legacy markets? Maybe, maybe not. But a nice reminder, a good lesson, and something to pay attention to. Uh, I will be watching again some of these names for weekly higher lows. IN I'll be scouting an eventual weekly higher low. CLSK watching for an eventual weekly higher low. I don't want to talk anymore, but we're going to get through commodities. So, dollar. So dollar getting followthrough now over weekly EMA 12 convincingly and next level 126 which would be the highest level in months coming into play. You know do we get some kind of inverse head and shoulders maybe but bulls will have to eventually confirm a weekly uptrend if we're going to see significant follow through. Metal still strong. Look at gold. Gold's just fine. If daily MA12 is support, gold bulls in full control. Then we zoom out and do the weekly. We've been doing the weekly all year. Silver little bit more toppy. Volatility's been off the chain to end the week mostly Thursday. Disconnect here as well. So XUSG very disconnected in price from silver futures. And so that gets again it's just massive volatility, you know, maybe some shorts getting squeezed um just leading to disconnect in the markets. So 4 hour still holding on. Eventually we're scouting weekly higher lows in the metals but we haven't topped out convincingly just yet. The miners topped out a little more convincingly. Double top on GDX was a little clue into a pullback. GDXJ still holding daily EMA 12. So can the miners hang on or is it time for more significant consolidation there? That's a question I have this coming week. Bears certainly have to prove it on the metals. Oil big bear break Friday. monthly still pulling back. We're looking for a monthly high or low. Compared to 59.90, there is no sign of it. No, compared to 50, there is no sign of it. But that's the most likely scenario for me. So, we'll watch the daily downtrend in the meantime. Not a ton of support down here. I'm looking at 5817. Looks like that held and then a base down at 56. But daily downtrend when the bulls regain a daily uptrend is the first tiny baby step towards a potential monthly higher low. But I don't do much with oil. Natural gas giving it back. Weekly EMA 12 rejection. UNNG. Yeah, just sideways. Still a bare flag there. Bare flag unless proven otherwise. Weekly uptrend confirmed with zero followthrough means zoom out. Look for a bare flag. So potential monthly bare flag. Key support 1206 on UNNG. If that breaks, bare flag probabilities go up. If you stuck through for 38 minutes, congrats. Well done. Sucker Punch video. If you don't know what that is on our website, just Google chart guys sucker punch. crypto live stream early this coming week to talk a bit more in depth about how to capitalize on that because it is massive opportunity for those that have cash. That's why I love being cash a lot more than in positions in crypto. All right, do good things. End it here with went to a music video in Tennessee the caverns which is venues in caves which is really cool for a little festival. had a good time. Met a check guys member there. Actually, randomly ran into him at the mouth of a cave. All right, see you soon. that I don't know that There we go. Down.  Hello everybody. See you later.