============================================================
Video: lr_gxHP85_A
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Shrug Off GDP Contraction
Date: 2025-05-04
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8114
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:14.564131
============================================================

The market continues to climb a wall of worry with sellers being unable to find acceptance back under daily breakout points, but there is still a lot of supply sitting above the July 2024 high. So, is this a bull trap or will fundamental sellers continue to get burned? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the Truck Guys team for more than half of that. We're ahead of our swing report and our futures room. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, so you know, as we've discussed in the prior videos, the market is just climbing this wall of worry right now, right? And, uh, just a quick rundown if this, you know, if this is your first time hearing about it, if you're new around here, um, it's a concept that's thrown around very often, right? But in order to translate that into technical um, um, action or whatnot, we want to know, okay, well, what does that mean on the chart, right? And what that should mean on the chart is again as we've discussed previously is that negative headlines should cause knee-jerk selling, right? But there should not be acceptance back under breakout points. Therefore, the sellers should not be able to affirm change off of those headlines, which was the case last week um with the sellers uh breaking back down under this breakout point, right? This daily high over here. um this low under here or this session, these two sessions could not hold under here and then again this week we had a break under this new daily breakout point that didn't see acceptance and that was off of the back of um GDP contraction which uh I believe has hadn't occurred since 2022. So, you know, the technical definition of a recession is and and you know, there's there's more to it than this, but in the most simplest way to describe it would be two consecutive sessions of GDP decline. So, the fact that we had one quarter, I'm sorry, two quarters of GDP decline. So, the fact that we had one quarter of GDP decline, of course, is the, you know, that's the jab in the one two combination, right? So if we were to have another uh quarter of decline, then that would be technically it would be a recession. Um so you would think that the market would be very concerned with that. Um but and and they're positioned very well to press the issue because the the the report came out in the pre-market and then it led to a little bit of a gap down open and the sellers did press the issue but they found pretty much no acceptance and then we've rallied since then. So this that continues to affirm this wall of worry. Now um that being said, additionally, you know, I I do think that it's very unreasonable the amount of tariffs that are right now it's pretty much just China, right? That we're is the biggest question mark right now. What is going to happen with this China deal? And they're very unreasonable, right? The the the amount that they they wanted to do is like 145%. Um, no, nobody wants that, you know. So, uh, I get the sense that the next shoe that's waiting to drop is a China deal. And just like this, uh, decline was essentially pricing in a trade war. And then as all of those tariffs and uh many of those trade war policies have been rolled back, it kind of seems like there's a pretty good chance here that some kind of deal will be worked out or we we might just have to, you know, uh drop that whole tariff thing completely, which again is very similar to what happened back in 2016, you know, uh until like 20 really for the entire um you know, first term. term there were a lot of talks of terrorists and then they all got kicked down the can not all but many of them were kicked the the kicked the can down the road delay delay delay and then during those delays there they would make exceptions and so in the end there there were very few tariffs that actually went through so I would not be surprised if that's what how things shake out again this time and again the way that we're going to continue to monitor that is just to continue evaluating these breakout points so next week we still care about 54428 because there's not really a clear breakout point here, right? Although not really a clear pullback for a higher low into a higher high, we still really care primarily about this. Now, there is still the potential that this is a bit of a bull trap here, right? Because well, we have made it through to the value area high of this local supply, but this is like four months of overhead supply over here. So even if these buyers can overcome uh the local daily overhead supply, there's still quite a lot of inventory here to work through. So you know, we'll have to take it one day at a time. And there is still a lot of uncertainty, right? We just don't know how things are going to shake out. And it's been a pretty bumpy ride, let's call it, and so um and we're very very very early on in this administration. So, you know, things could certainly stay bumpy. And if that to me that kind of longerterm uncertainty affirms this potential that we'll just see some bigger picture balance some sideways like this, some sideways like this, some side some sideways like this because this was a good amount of range expansion. This has been logged but if you look at it you know um in linear then I do believe that uh it's like a I think it's closer to a measured move. Yeah, it's about a measured move in in linear. So anyway, that's um linear scale, I mean. So that's that's that's that's how I'm looking at things right now. Um but again, we we'll just take it one day at a time. So as I said, I'm this is a very reasonable location for people to be looking for sells, but I'm not terribly interested in sells right now, or at least not in in aggressive cells. We can mark up the zones, but I wouldn't take action using them unless we build some daily overhead supply first. I just want to see something like this, right? I want to see supply breakdown and then there were certainly top fishing plays over here for example after we broke down under this low or rather when we were testing these lows you know there were top fishing opportunities here it was honestly quite challenging this one was a bit easier right this back test of this major low over here I would like to see some supply to play off of first I know technically this is supply but now we also have all of this demand down here and and again I I'm operating from this perspective of the market climbing this wall of worry so as long Unless that's the case, I'm not too interested in being an aggressive seller. I would rather wait for there to be some daily overhead supply break down and then we'll look for a back test play there or break down under this daily no change level and then look for a back test play off of it. Something like that. I think it just would it just makes more sense in my opinion to be a um cautious seller if you're going to be a seller at all. And I just continue to focus on the daytime frame stuff right now. I'm finding a lot more um comfortability and ease on the daytime frame rather than swing trades because you have a lot more control on the day time frame. So um that's where my attention is right now and uh you know once the market kind of you know let earning seasons p season pass let the FOMC meeting next week pass um then I think we can get back to um you know being more active in like short duration swings. So that's my perspective. Um you may disagree. Let me know in the comments. If we do, no problem. I would love to hear what you have to say. Um, so that's pretty much it. So in the short term, again, we just care primarily about 544.28. I would be very surprised if the buyers next week could hold over 560.76. That would be very, very strong. They probably have to press up higher first. And this is already nine days. I cannot recall the last time the the S&amp;P saw nine straight days of rallying. I I don't know. I guess here. I guess back here. Either way, um it's been a while. So, this is very notable strength. So, um next week, again, I I don't really feel like it would be terribly likely if we were to start retracing right away to hold over 560.76. But that would be the best case scenario relative to this local supply. We want to affirm this as demand. And so, we need to hold over 560.76 next week. But as long as we're holding over 544.28, 28 the thesis that the market is climbing the wall of worry will be affirmed. So that's what I'm looking out for. These sellers are you know really running out of space here for that potential weekly lower high under 576.41. And again even if they can overcome uh even if the buyers can overcome this resistance we still have all this supply up here. So that's really it. Uh I don't I don't think we did any trade zones right. This was the old one. Again, I I don't hate it recycling this, but I would I would prefer to see a little bit of supply. I I I don't care to be an aggressive um seller, and I definitely don't want to be on like there's not really a market environment where I want to be on the left side of the V. When we to be on the left side of the V. When we to be on the left side of the V. When we were cruising and we were just kind of, you know, creating balance, breakout, balance, breakout, balance, breakout. I was much more open to playing on the left side of the V, excuse me. Um, but with all the headline risk, all the uncertainty these days, I'm a lot more focused on being on the right side of the V. So that's like waiting for one side to show improve a little bit before just trying to join their momentum. I'm I'm finding a lot it's a lot easier to to to trade like that in this current market environment. And you know, trading is very much about adapting to the current situation. So anyway, that's how I'm looking at it. Um, moving on to the cues here. Similar situation. So, it's a little bit of relative weakness relative to the July 2020 compared to SPY because it's uh SPY is over the July 2024 high, but the QQQ NQ has not quite yet made it there. But relative to the uh local daily overhead supply, the QQQ actually has a good a little bit more space over its point of control 47868. So, next week, what we care primarily about is going to be very similar. Uh this should actually be moved over here now. Um 46505. So you can see again the Wednesday session we saw that bear break back under this breakout point. That was the sellers making an attempt to try to negate this breakout and they failed um quite spectacularly. So next week we'll be looking out for the same thing. This is potentially setting up to be a bit of an inverse head and shoulders here if we do happen to reject from this high. So the key upside reference for next week we care primarily about 49630 which is the point of control of this gateway structure into all of this over here and uh 50517. These two structures are pretty much sandwiching that July 2024 high. So this is pretty much the gateway into all of the supply above the July 2024 high. And this is pretty much the gateway into all of the structure under the July 2024 high. So we have very very clear upside references to assess how well these uh buyers are progressing next week. And our key downside reference again is just going to be 4650. I don't think I think we set up a buy, right? And it just didn't pull back. It's was very healthy retracement. I was anticipating, you know, sellers to try to press the issue here, but um clearly they did not. Um again, I I I don't really care to be terribly aggressive on the left side, but I do think that it's reasonable to kind of walk this up here now and just play to I guess this point of control is a pretty reasonable target, although it is over this resistance here. So, I think if we pull back here and these buyers can hold over this daily no change level over here and they can hold over the low of this supply, I think this is very reasonable an area to be looking for essentially a potential um weekly higher low over this little dinky one over here. So, um yeah, that's a reasonable setup for next week in my opinion. But again, I would wait for for a right side of the V setup. For me that would be like print a candle here in the trade zone and then look for a session to session setup. Right? So if we get a candle in the trade zone um above this support and then the next day we open up over the point of control that's a day where we can be looking to be buyers with our stops under the no later than the prior session's low looking for that to be potentially a higher low that's being set. Um you're interested in that kind of trading approach. it's more of a daytime frame kind of a thing then you know check out our community links in description below. We are in there every day doing trades um you know calling out what we see and of course uh doing live trades as well. So check it out if you're interested in trading with a whole bunch of uh other traders full-time traders and whatnot. I do think it's very valuable you know to to externalize your thought process to workshop with people. Um, you know, it's not just like a technical chat room, right? We we talk about a lot of sometimes talk about ridiculous things. Um, our Friday huddle, a Thursday huddle went really off the rails about talking about elephant guns and flamethrowers. Um, but there's also a lot of trading stuff that we discussed as well. So anyway, moving on to the IWM here for the Rut. Um, a similar situation. So, it's showing a lot of relative weakness, right? because it's not even at the point of control of this daily overhead supply yet up at 205.46, which makes it the key upside reference going into next week. These buyers need to flip 20546 in order to affirm this as demand. Affirming this as demand really would still just mean that we're still chopping around within this area over here. So, it's it wouldn't be that meaningful to be completely honest with you. I would not be surprised if the rut just chopped around like this, you know, bigger picture for a lengthy period of time because a lot of these names are they they're debt heavy. So, you know, why were we playing for for buys last year? We were, you know, the reason why I I built that IWM position through day trading RTY last year, you know, which I tal talked about a lot was because I was was I was not expecting what this this administration is doing, but also um we were anticipating more rate cuts this this year, which it doesn't seem to be the case. There's like I think it's, you know, it's there's like next to no chance for uh a rate cut at the next F uh FMC meeting next Wednesday. Um, so you know that that that just you know that that for me that kind of just like killed that thesis and so if we're going to continue to not see a rate cut environment then we will probably see further balance within all this hot mess here. Now that being said um there is a new daily no change level like the rut is a little bit different than the uh than the ES the ENQ because well we do have this local daily demand. So next week if the sellers cannot get priced back under 196.86 then this breakout continues to be affirmed. That's pretty much the best case scenario for these um buyers next week. Okay. Uh moving on here to the whoops to the Dow. All right. So for the Dow. Okay. So we're now we are approaching the value area low of this key daily overhead supply. So next week these buyers should be trying to make their way back up to 4 417.18 and this breakout technically being affirmed as long as we're holding over 403 75. So the Dow actually has a decent amount of space to work with over here. Um and again next week is also FOMC week. So it's like not really a great time to be initiating any trades anyway. So um you know I I I think it's very reasonable to be just be pumping your brakes right now. Let earning seasons pass. less let FOMC pass and then you know put your swing trade hat back on and in the meantime I would just stick to daytime frame operations. Um but that's pretty much it really. There's not much else to talk about, right? It's really just all about this overhead supply and if we do see retracement next week space over 397.41 for a potential um daily higher low. Okay. Uh the dollar is trying to recover here, right? So just like this was essentially a look above and fail this big old range here and then we came to test the other side. If we look below and fail over here then it's very reasonable for these buyers to try to test the other side as well. But what they have to do first is to recover this point of control pretty similar to what happened over here. Back test it rally hold the value area high. Back test. Okay. That's increases the potential that we're going to go test the other side. Um so as of right now they're battling for that point of control. That's very noticeable uh notable that we drop and pop in the value area low and then made our way all the way back up to the point of control. So um space for a daily higher low anything over 98.670 is going to be good for the dollar. The next objective for these buyers should be here. So if we find acceptance over 99.80 then that would continue to affirm this key structure as uh demand and that would suggest then that these uh the next objective for the buyers then would be to get to the value area high and then this prior low. So the value area high is at 10 0.480. And so this is again potentially a little janky inverse head and shoulders which is what we talked the potential of which is what we talked about last week. If you recall last week we were talking about okay well if this is going to be a little janky inverse head and shoulders here. What should happen? The buyer should try to the buyer should try to defend this low over here right they should try to defend this supply that's creating the head. Like if we were to zoom in to the hourly time frame this little sideways area over here. This is this was the key. And if we were going to, we talked about the concept of hooking back on onto a level, right? When you don't see followthrough, you see a break under a level and you don't see follow-through, then you see a big old rip back above that level that didn't see follow-through on the break, the buyers should look to defend this level, which is exactly what they did, you know, last week, right over here and over here. So, there something just, you know, store away. It's it's a it's a setup that will happen time and time again. This kind of price action dynamic happens a lot like very very often. It happens right here for example, right? Like this guy right here, right? You break over this high, no follow through, top fish, top fish, right? It's kind of you could argue it happens over here too, right? Or you break over here, no acceptance, top fish, top fish, right? So anyway, um happens all the time. It's a it's a goodie. It's a it's it's a goodie. I call this on the date, you know, I I call a very similar setup uh a triple. It doesn't matter. I have a silly name for it, but if you're curious, join our community where we talk about all all the silly names. Um, that's pretty much it for the dollar. And moving on to NVDA here. So, again, NVDA, I'm I'm I would not be surprised if we consolidate for a long time, right? Just like this. A lot of sideways trade here. Lots of sideways trade here. I I would not be surprised if we're looking at something like this. Again, you know, I'm very biased for NVDA, right? just don't see how they they they kind of have a monopoly really, right? I I don't really see how they can be disrupted unless it's with new technology. Um that might be why there's so much hype with quantum, but I really feel like the quantum hype is kind of unfounded. Like I don't know, it just I it seems not that it's vaporware, but as of right now, there's just not much to it. So I'm I'm quite surprised at how well these quantum names have held up. But we shall see. Anyway, um for MVDA, at this point now, if you're still managing this position, which I don't see why you wouldn't, um you can walk it up at this point, right? I think your stop over here is still fine if you've already taken off your partial profits because we don't really have a very clear area of demand. This is like a little rinky dink area, 4 day demand. So, if you're really feeling like protective, you want to prioritize walking away with something. I do think it's reasonable to walk your stop up here. I'm talking about any trades that you initiated in here. I do think it's reasonable to walk your stop up to here. But, you know, I think we should be open to the potential that price rotates to the high of this range because again, I'm thinking bigger picture. We're probably just bouncing here. So, um I think you can be patient honestly with your stop and and just see how that goes because it's not like you're carrying any risk on it anymore. probably just a quarterly higher low trying to be said here. Space for a daily higher low. Anything over 104.08 will be good for one. And um pretty much it. So, Bitcoin should be stopped out of that cell. Uh I I removed it during one of our live streams and there's so much so many drawings I I'm struggling to find it, but um should be stopped out of that cell. It did work. Okay. And at this point now, this buy should be relatively easy to manage as well. And because we have created a new area of demand over here, any runners from initiations down here, you can walk it up un uh under the lows of this um local demand zone. But I wouldn't fault you if you wanted to use a stop under this breakout point 88804.64 either because really there's not meaningful change um until these these sellers can get back under here. Like this is a rinky dink little bit of daily demand, but this is a lot more demand for us to be mindful of. And Bitcoin is really just setting a monthly higher low here. So, I think if you've already taken profits, you know, don't choke the trade. If you're trying to play for that monthly higher low, if you're a shorter term swing trader, you know, a few days, few weeks or whatever, okay, then it's much more reasonable to walk up your stop a little bit more tighter to here or to over here. Okay. Um, all right. So, daily trend is bullish, higher low is at 92911.88. This is a super key test of this major point of control here. This is the next area of supply. And then beyond this, there's just this guy. So very very notable test here for um Bitcoin. If they can clear this structure, then there's really just this all-time high structure left in the way. So Bitcoin buyers look really great right now. All right, lots of space for a weekly higher low. Now, anything over 74420.69 will be good for one. I'll probably look to play that honestly. That looks like a pretty solid setup here because if this monthly higher low, if we're going to have a lot of confidence in it being set, we want to see a weekly higher low and higher high as well. For me, I want to see this weekly demand zone hold and then obviously break over the all-time high supply, that would give us a lot of confidence that the monthly higher low is uh secure, at least in the intermediate term. Uh, Ethereum, I still think this is a reasonable sell. It's showing you a lot of relative weakness. There's a ton of overhead supply. Like, Bitcoin looks so much better than Ethereum right now. So I really think this is a matter of like you know assets like soul USD eating their lunch a little bit here. Um so you know if you're a seller if you're like very net long and your holdings or whatever and you're interested in a sell which I have been um taking pot shots out of sellers they have not gone terribly well but um if that's if that's you know if that's your where where you're at as well you're looking for somewhere for a little bit of sell exposure I do think Ethereum is a reasonable one to be looking for that. So, I wouldn't really touch this. This still just makes a lot of sense in my opinion. Tons of supply over here. This is essentially a gateway structure into all of this. And these buyers don't really prove much without getting back over here. They don't negate this breakdown from um March 9th without getting back over 2045.61 at a bare minimum to flip this guy into demand because this fellow was supportive over here, over here, over here, over here, and then of course now has flipped into being resistance. So, that's pretty much it. And then finally for uranium. Um, all right. So for URRA, I I do think this is a reasonable setup. Like we can move this up to like something over here. I could have swore we had one higher. I think it got stopped, right? Anyway, I think uh something like this would be pretty reasonable for URA next week. Pullback play. Look to hold this guy. Look to hold over here. Look to hold over here. And essentially a play for a weekly higher low at this point. there's a lot of space for it. Um, and then if they do hold this area, well, where they where should they try to get to is essentially a repeat of this trade, right? If they're going to hold this structure over here, then they should try to get to the highs of this fella, right? Because this is kind of one big block over here. And the two references on the way up is this guy and this guy. So, that's what I'm looking at for UR. And that's pretty much it. Um, okay. So for uh trade review, okay, so for trade review, um pretty active again this week. Like I'm starting to realize that if I want to take adding to positions more seriously, I probably have to be less active. Um but and like really focus more on when the context is appropriate for it. You know, it's just that, you know, as I offer coverage in the futures room, I think I also feel like I'm also inclined to be more active than I have to be. And that's fine. Um, but, you know, if I do want to start changing these processes, I do think I need to make some adjustments. But, um, for now, it's fine. You know, it's Anyway, so um, for last week, the the on Monday, I didn't have much time. I very often have like things planned on Monday. Um, it's like supposed to be my day off to do errands, but uh I I I very often will will trade the morning session and so I was just looking for a passback underplay here, right? Because uh this is the key daily overhead supply. So, uh I I during the morning stream I I think I did a decent job of like kind of summarizing the process or the way that I think through it. And the way that I think through it is you do the um context first, right? you look at the bigger picture context that gives you directional bias. The directional bias then will lend itself to location. Once you have your location determined, then you pick the tactic, right? That's essentially how I I like to get things done. So, for example, then what was the context in this situation? The context in this situation was um a break into this key daily level uh 195.49. And um the the RSI was very hot. It was hot up into the hourly approaching this daily resistance uh and the low the low of the oh I'm sorry the resistance was here and then the low of the daily supply and so that was at 9:31 and then a few minutes later is when I sold the pass back under that level and I was looking for a chop above the uh overnight high it did I I acknowledge that I had relative strength but it it it gave me the best daily references again. Right. So here is that session and then in the ES and the ENQ um it was and then in the ES and the ENQ um it was and then in the ES and the ENQ um it was here. I don't I'm not really close to a daily reference here. And then for the ENQ was here. Again, I'm not really close to a daily reference here. So, I ended up going with the rut. And it was also a bit of a lagard, I believe. Uh, no, that was another day. That was another session. Um, so that was a full stop, but it was a very, very cheap stop. Right. So, on the run, it looks like second. Hang on a second. I'm very tired right now. So, 28th. Okay. So, it was here. So, this was this pop and drop. You know what? I'm just going to show you on the rut. I mean, on the uh ETF chart, and we can just use this guy here. So, that was over here. Uh I just sold this pass back under And why did I stop as a relation there? I guess it made a higher high, right? Oh, okay. Cuz that was this initial move. So, I sold this initial move down. That's on this move down. Sold it. Didn't get a chop. Stopped it out. And then because the context was exactly the same, I just did it again a few moments later. I said unoas. And I was looking for a back test at the breakout point for the chop. And the breakout point at this point Hang on a second. I got to be zoomed in. Um, the breakout point selling this pass back under I believe was just here. Just selling this pass back under and it was this guy over this. My wife started a new schedule. So, like I'm kind of sleepy. Oh, yeah. It was this guy here. Yes, it was this back test fest over here. So, I just sold that. Um, another pass back. It was like somewhere over here. Stop was over this fella. Chop it up. Um, and then I was looking out for more above 75.8. Oh, wait. That was here. Hang on a second here. I'm confusing Oh, it was probably just the SS break. Yeah, that makes a lot more sense. So, that was just the SS break, right? Looking for essentially the same thing. So, I was looking for the SS break to essentially mark the pass back under, right? Because this was a big old rip up and the risk was very cheap for the stop. I remember it being particularly cheap. And then I looked for more out above 75.8. Hang on a second here. the breakout point. I must have just been here. Yeah, it must have been the SS chop chop and then um and then I noted that I failed to do the pair trade. I think the pair trade is something that I was talking about in the morning rundown. Um but whatever that's just an error and uh I was out more 75.8 8 and then I was looking for a regular trading hours high for the last chop and that was just over here. So I was looking for a chop at the prior session over here and uh got that exit later in the session. At this point, I think I was already out the door and uh yeah, so got that chop at the regular trading hours high and then I took it all off at the point of control, which I think, you know, was was pretty much it wasn't the low or anything, but that was a really I think a very good location for the exit because um if you look at it from here, it was practically the low of the day. Yeah, it was over here. It's practically the low of the day. So, very pleased with that. the primary talking like I I think what stands out to me the most on this session was playing to the targets short-term mindset but I think the the biggest thing was that the context was still the same like firing off again when the context is still the same is something that you know I think um takes some practice but I think is really worth it particularly when the risk is really inexpensive right so you know those passback underplays at least this one was dirt cheap I know this one was dirt cheap this one was over here here. That was dirt cheap, right? That was like on the right translated to this like a couple points and then this SS break was even cheaper. So, um yeah, I think you know as long as the daily context remains the same, everything was still the same. The RSI was still very hot and we were still testing that daily um supply. So, that was it. That was the key takeaway for me for for that trade at least. And that was it. Even when I'm out and about um doing stuff, I had to go to take my mom to the social security office. Even if I'm out, if I'm in a waiting room, I will still post to the room. And that's why it's like a little phone picture or whatever. Okay. And then moving on to Tuesday. Tuesday was just to a couple of chopping and stops. So, you know, they can't all be winners. It was a flat day. I just made two attempts chopping stops. I didn't really find that there was much to talk about, so I didn't really include it. I don't really want to make these terribly long. Um because I know last week was quite long. Um and then for when this is all this all should be Wednesday. Apologies. I'm not feeling so great right now. I haven't felt so good for a lot of the week. Waking up early as my wife starts a new job. And uh yeah, so please bear with me here. Um all right. So on Wednesday then I was saying okay well here this should be above yeah so here's that 909 we're talking about the pre-market or I'm talking about the pre-market and the idea was that okay well the overnight inventory was 100% net short because of the um the in part due to the GDP reaction right so that was the the morning when the um GDP report came out and it was it showed contraction and so on that day it looked like this um let's see here Wednesday looked like this over here and here yeah it's over here so because the overnight inventory was 100% net short so what should happen is you should get some corrective activity and you can't see it over here was over here. Um, Wednesday it was over here. So, it was pretty much 100% net short. In the ES and the NQ was 100% net short. In the uh RTY, we did have a little bit of acceptance above the prior sessions close. I believe this this close line is not accurate anymore. Um, so typically what should happen when the overnight session is 100% net long, you should see 100% net one way or the other, meaning that most the inventory is either above the prior session's close or below. So if it's 100% net long, basically if the overnight session completely agrees on one thing, when the open comes out, there should be some corrective activity of it because that's just how it goes. The overnight session is not high confidence. So typically when they all agree on something, there's a pretty high probability that there's some correction. And even if there isn't some correction, that is also good information because if that if if they don't get corrected, that's going to let us know that the sellers are strong. So because there was very little corrective activity in the uh very little uh corrective activity, I really I said really none. I was okay with getting kind of scalpy here and just kind of joining the momentum. So, I just sold the new uh one minute low for the rut as a bit of a lagard because at this point, if we look at if we just put them all side by side Sorry guys, I know I'm not being terri sharp right here, sorry, excuse me. Um, on Wednesday when we're looking at the EX, I'll just bring it up. Um, on Wednesday, this is what the this look like here. So on the one minute chart on the ES and the ENQ, they were already dumping and they had already gotten to the overnight low. I have I've moved the markers already, but for the ENQ was very similar. On Wednesday, it looked like this. So they were dumping much harder and so the uh the uh rut was a little bit of a lagger. They both ran down to the overnight low. So the route was a little bit behind. Um and so I figured, okay, let me just join the RTY sellers because there was no corrective activity. So I just sold the new low. So this new one minute low, again, it was pretty low risk. Um six points, it's still pretty low risk in my opinion. And so I was looking to play to the O and L so I was looking to play to the O and L so I was looking to play to the O and L because the ENQ and the ES had already gotten there. So looked to the O and chopped the O and L and then I just ended up walking it down. Excuse me. Um, I just wanted to walk it down and then give them a chance to press to the O and L. So, I didn't walk it super tight. So, on this move down, I was looking to walk the stop and I I gave it some wiggle room and um yeah, I walked it down and then when did I take the exit here? Didn't I walk out close? uh walked above the 936 and then I'll bail. Okay, I was planning to get to the daily point of control. So, I was trying to sell down to here. I was trying to sell down to this level over here and they didn't quite make their way down there, but there was a session to session perspective there or a session to session um level. So on Wednesday, we were over here and I was looking at this guy, this session's point of control because again, the market is always trying to either affirm or negate prior sessions. So I already had it marked up. So I was looking to play down to here for that. And you know, we do eventually touch down on it. And I think I made one more play for a lower high as well. Yeah. And then at 953, I did it again. Sold the RQIP. Just looking for a lower high play here. And that was over here. Um, that was just this deep pass, right? So, oh, I don't know if it was this one or this one. I think it was this one. The first one. 53. Yeah. So, I sell this pass back under. Stop is over here. Um, let's see. And I'm saying I'm going to pump the brakes if it's a if it's a full stop because I'm like joining the momentum, right? I'm joining the momentum and we're already at that daily or close to that daily level. So I wasn't too confident in that there would be followthrough and certainly there was not. So what did I do here? Finger on trigger to bail because I think data was coming out. Uh I had the limit new low should be smashy to that prior low test. So that was just should be smashy to here. If I was saying we were printing sideways here. If we take these three candles out it should be pretty smashy to this low. And so I had the order sitting above it and it it didn't hit, but then eventually it did make its way down there and then data came around and it hadn't gotten to my final target yet. Um but uh I think I just failed on it before the data came out. So I do apologize. I know this is not the best review. Um starting to fade here. And for Friday, I did the live trade uh during the I did a live trade on the live stream and it wasn't perfect. It was uh you know the the the execution the idea was good but I didn't execute it so well. So I just bought this open because it was a gap up and I was thinking okay well if we're going to gap up and press above here then we should play to come here. And uh we did arrive there at the end of the day and pretty much spent the like entirety of the end of the session just kind of hanging out around that level. So um you know the the key idea for this one I think is just that like you can game plan it out and have that like overall context overall thesis be good but your execution very rarely will will be perfect. So, I bought the um this new high, chopped it up using I forget. Oh, using the pre-market reference, right? So, I chopped it up here by the open, chopped it up at the high of uh here. Um this guy over here, right? This was the pre-market range. And I was thinking, okay, well, if we're going to advance over here, then we should be trying to resolve all this stuff in the left in the pre-market, right? And so I was thinking, all right, well, this is really the last area where there was any kind of meaningful sideways trade. So I figured, all right, chop it up. And then I ended up walking one/ird of the position up because I was targeting one another one-third of the exit at the overnight high and we started to stall there. So, I didn't want to get back anything, which I guess was a more conservative than it had to be because the risk was essentially already off once um we got that first exit. Uh it was, I think, slightly better than 1 R. It was like, yeah, almost 2 R. So, I really didn't have to walk that stop. And I think that that was an error. And it was a profitable stop out, but I kind of, you know, I kind of psyched myself out of a better exit. So, um, I ended up then splitting up my third position, taking off two out of three of that third scale here, and then another exit at the intended, uh, target here. And, you know, I don't really care that it continues to go beyond me. So, um, you know, again, just another another week of just base hits and keeping things pretty short-term mindset, and I think that's how I'll continue to carry on um, until at least after FOMC. Um, I think all the major earnings are out of the way now, but I'll have to double check when I feeling a little bit better. Anyway, so that's pretty much it. Um, appreciate you guys tuning in. If you are interested in trading uh with a group of folks, check out our chat room links in description below. If you are busy and would like for somebody to offer you context of the market weekly scout trades for you and also um you know call out any action for any live trades that we do for swing swing trades. Check out the swing report links in the description below. You get an update from me, get an update from Dano, two novel ideas and um updates on any live trades. And um yeah, that's pretty much it. Again, I do apologize for the low energy of this video, but I am kind of falling apart. So, anyway, appreciate y'all turn tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. Even my cat doesn't feel good, it seems. Um, thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me, and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.