============================================================
Video: rbdMf9cHVZY
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Rejected From Key Level
Date: 2025-06-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 11533
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:57.524410
============================================================

made a stand defending the point of control of the key all-time high supply pretty much right to the tick right before the next FOMC meeting next week. Additionally, bombs are coming down again in Iran and Israel. So, will the escalating conflict spook the markets or will buyers continue to climb this wall of worry? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chartist team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room in a swing report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it here. All right. So, starting off with SPY, like I was saying in the intro here, the sellers pretty much defended. It's pretty much the last line in the sand besides the all-time high. So, this is essentially the all-time high supply. This is the only inventory that's in the way for these buyers to absorb in order for them to be positioned for new highs. If they can find acceptance over 60483, that would affirm this prior supply as demand. And doing so then would be would keep them positioned very well for a go at new record highs. And um I'm thinking if we do happen to break the new record highs, you know, probably looking at like the R1 for the year, which is up at 640. I would imagine that these buyers are looking to press up to there if they can break the new highs. There are very few years where you find acceptance over the pivot and then don't make it to the R1. So you get all the way to R3 last year. Um for in 2020 uh3 there was like some oscillation around the pivot. Eventually you do make it to the R1. Uh 2022 was of course that down year. In 2021 you're over the pivot for the whole year and just missed the R2 blow past the R1 after a back test. You get it. Most years if you're over the pivot really very often you do get to that R1 level. So that's what I'm looking out for. if these buyers do make new highs. Now, that being said, I wouldn't be surprised if we're in for a little bit more consolidation just because, well, we've come pretty much straight off of the lows and you know, you can see how much consolidation occurred on the last range expansion. We balanced for roughly three 3 weeks or so, May 25th to around June. Uh, wait, it doesn't seem right. May 12th, excuse me, to around June 3rd. So, I wouldn't be surprised if these buyers struggle a little bit here, especially because the sellers have already shown us that they are present here playing off of the all-time high supply. So, what do we care about next week? Um, first I guess we should talk a little bit about um FOMC FOMC's next week. The rate cut, you know, it's it's very very unlikely. You can go to the Fed watch tool if you like, but it's it's very unlikely that we see a cut until um I think it's a September meeting where there's like any kind of significant chance of seeing another cut. Um so, you know, we don't really care so much about that. What we care primarily about is what's said afterwards during the press or what JPAL says, what his sentiments are or whatnot because the Fed's been pretty transparent. You know, they've been telegraphing what they're going to do if XYZ. So, um that's really what the market cares about. Now, regarding the fundamental news with um you know um like more conflict in the Middle East, you know, the the market shouldn't care too much about that in my opinion. Like the conflict is not a new one. It's been kind of building to this point for uh really since that October 7th attack. Was that two or three two years ago? Um you know firstly the the conflict between Iran and Israel has been one like in this permutation for like three decades, right? and in the you know kind of larger context few millennia or so. Um so you know it's not really terribly unexpected. Uh additionally the conflict as I understand it right now is pretty unilateral right there. Iran's response was very much to minimal effect. The IDF is saying that they have air superiority if not air supremacy um over Iran right now. So I think the odds of it escalating are pretty limited. Escalating to the point where you know it kind of spill over into say you know US or UK or French forces being dragged into it. I really really doubt that. Um so you know to me it seems like the the bulk of this attack, let's call it, uh is likely over. Um, and even if it wasn't to be the case, what we care primarily about is there's really no different than anything that's been any of the news that's been coming out since here. Trade wars, trade talks, trade talks failing, tariffs, whatever. Um, uh, there's something else. Oh, yeah. The feud right between Musk and, uh, Trump. None of those things really mattered in the long term. and how we assessed whether or not they were actually being impactful. Ever since we came off the low was just a matter of are we negating daily breakout points. So, as of right now, it's really the same as we were looking at last week because it's pretty much been a flat week uh more or less. And what we care about continues to be this area here 59320 is the daily no change level. It's roughly the same as this uh point of control of this price supply now acting as demand. This is essentially the gateway structure into all of this much larger demand. So if we can't come into here, then obviously we we just continue to trade sideways or higher here. If we can trade if we trade sideways or higher over prior demand, then obviously that's no problem for these buyers. So the key daily references for next week again remain exactly the same. And you'll notice that while the sellers did exactly what they had to do, right, defending against the point of control of that all-time high supply, there was a very clear battle for the value area low over here. If we zoom in, you can see you make this low initially right off of the value area low rally and then cannot get over the uh into the balance from yesterday or from the prior session I should say and then roll back over and then it's a battle for the value area low again and the sellers drove beyond the value area low but missed touching down on the value area high of this uh prior supply right so now acting as demand so that was a very notable failure there has been more news of conflict over the weekend. So, there is the potential that there's still some concern, but again, what we care primarily about is acceptance under the level. Even if the level breaks, as it did over here, if the sellers can't find acceptance under it, then it's right back to business for the buyers. So, I would be surprised, honestly, if if these buyers didn't come and test the all-time high. But, you know, we shall see because a lot of the stuff is kind of behind us, right? like the the all those um let's call them exorbitant uh tariffs looks like they're kind of on the uh put on the shelf for now. Um you know trade negotiations with China seems to be more or less finalized at that like 50% rate. Um so yeah uh market continues to climb this wall of worry as far as I'm concerned. So that's pretty much it. Uh moving on then to the Q's here. So for the Q's, it's a pretty similar situation where there's very little change from last week. I think the Q's were even more flat, just a half percent down. Um, but we're watching the same thing. So the high of last week for the Q's was not off the point of control of the all-time high uh supply. It was right off of its value area low. And uh that's it's notable, right? Because again, these sellers are playing defense at their kind of the last little bit of inventory before these buyers can move to new highs. So uh and there's some relative weakness in the sense that the uh sellers were able to get all the way back to the daily breakout point 52648. But that being said, this little local area of demand is still being affirmed as demand as long as these buyers can hold over 520.87. So next week that's really what we care about this level over here. You can see we've flattened out at the daily no change level. I think the initial low of the morning was right off of it. Right? So again, the market kind of kind of tells you, right? kind of kind of shows you what it cares about, right? Which structures it cares about. And as of right now, this local area of daily demand. Certainly, the market cares about it's it's affirmed it already many times. Even if we look back into over here, you know, there was a clear uh double bottom drop and pops at the daily no change level. Another bottom pretty much set right off of it. Another drop and pop here. You try to set a lower high off of it. Sellers try to set a lower high off of it and fail. And then of course, we rallied off of it since then. So, um, that's really it for for the Q's. It's all about 52648 and then 52087 next week. Moving on to oops, moving on to IWM here. So, for IWM, a lot of relative weakness here, right? So, for IWM, they rejected pretty much right off of this the high of the March 3rd candle, which is the candle that really took us out of this range. Now, I know there was a breakdown before that, but the prior breakdown, you know, didn't have follow-through. It was really this session that had really big range expansion, tons of volume on it and then we try to side trade sideways to consolidate that move. So the fact that these buyers had uh problems right at the high of that session essentially it's think about it right the market is always trying to affirm or negate what's already happened. So essentially the buyers were trying to negate this action and they failed right because they made it all the way to the cusp of trying to negate that or of attempting to negate that and then they rolled over. So, as of right now, this breakdown is still kind of being affirmed here, but at the same time, we have a lot of demand to be looking at as a reference as well. So, this is uh we're looking back at this guy 34 to42. I'm I haven't updated it to this local area yet because this guy was just offering really good references. They're probably going to tell you a very similar story anyway. Um I wouldn't be surprised at least if they're telling you a very similar story. Actually, quite different. So, maybe we should update this. Actually, I probably should have done that earlier, but we'll just go ahead and update this right now. And I would say that this local demand we should care about more than the older reference because we've already technically traded through the older reference and this is really the more relevant um structure. So wow, we find out pretty much right at this guy's point of control here. I'm curious to see what that looks like on the lower time frames. All right, so at this point we don't really need these lines right now anymore. Actually, we can leave them up for the example for later because this was my selling target when I was a seller on this day. Um okay so this was a very notable lack of gap fill. They missed the gap fill by just just a wee bit here. Notable failure for these buyers and so it is what you know gave me confidence uh to to to uh be a seller. Although I didn't I didn't end up hitting a sell on Friday. Did I? No I didn't. Um I was scouting it but I just didn't do it. Got busy. Uh anyway so now this is pretty much the key downside reference right now. are pretty much on it, right? These buyers want to hold over 20879 to continue to affirm all of this as uh daily demand for our key upside reference next week is really just going to be the high of it, 21013. These buyers, if they're going to hold this point of control, want to get back over this high in order to really have the most confidence in in higher prices relative to this local demand being accepted. If we see lower lows next week, it's very clear these sellers should be trying to get back down to the value area low 20510 where there's been a lot of market acceptance in the past. And that is really it for the rut. Moving on to the Dow here. So for the Dow getting caught up in this early March to April um structure here is not a great look. But even if we begin to retrace here, so what what what should these buyers look to do, right? If they're not going to uh be able to trade through this structure, right? Pop and drop over its high, where should they where should the sellers try to get us back to? They should try to get us back to the lows of this guy, right? And it's meaningful not just because it's the low of this uh early April to rather early March to early April structure, but it's also where exactly where the buyers ran into problems, right? Sellers took their stand here, took their stand here, flipped this guy into support, and then had some expansion off of it. So, if we're going to pop and drop here, these the next objectives for these day plus sellers should be here, the value area low 41714, and then oops, and then the low of the structure 40725. I still think this is a pretty reasonable area to be looking for trade. This structure over here is kind of sitting on the highs of this much larger area of uh demand. And this this large area of demand was affirmed over here. Technically affirmed over here and here as well with a drop and pop over it. Obviously not a clean hold, but still a hold of that. And then this balance right was essentially what did they have to do before this leg up? They had to hook back onto it over here to make this higher low after holding the low of the structure. So if you view this as one large area of um demand, then the best case scenario would be for these buyers to hold above the gateway structure, the the entrance into it, the next best case scenario would be to not allow acceptance through the other side of it. So this is essentially the gate uh way to the other side, right? This is the gateway entry. This is the gateway exit. They held the exit and then eventually they needed this higher low off of the entry before um they they saw this expansion. So, if we retrace back into here, essentially is a retest of this guy, seeing if these buyers can hold over this large area of demand. I think this is still a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. Essentially, it would be for a potential, it's not a weekly higher low, but potential monthly higher low or a weekly lower low that doesn't see followrough. I care much more about structure than I care about uh price action trends. Like I think the price action trend is more of like something that monitor in this moment. Um whereas the structure is really, you know, the more representative of change, right? So they're both valuable. They just kind of tell you different things. Um all right. So that's pretty much it for the Dow. Moving on to the dollar here. So the dollar made like a new three-year low. That's that's quite notable. This at this point now, these buyers do not negate the change of this most recent breakdown without acceptance back over 98.295. Very notable. I have a lot of friends overseas who are very happy with this because now they're getting better exchange rates for their currency exchanges and it hasn't been like that for quite some time. Um, all right. So, now that we've seen this breakdown in the dollar, the sellers should be trying to make their way back down to this next structure over here. So, I'm thinking the next key reference to the downside is going to be the value area low of that next area of demand, excuse me, the value area high at 96.505. And that should be the seller objective. As long as these buyers can't get back over 98.295. So if you're a seller in the dollar, it would make sense to be playing off of this guy, right? Like if you see this retracement here, something like this, you can use the point of control of this fella, right? Which has contained price for many years. Um, essentially the opposite of this trade, the opposite of this trade. All right. You can look for this cell here targeting this value area low. Something along these lines, I think, would be pretty reasonable. if you're, you know, Forex trader or whatnot. Oops. Something like that would be pretty reasonable in my opinion. And I think that would essentially be for the potential of a weekly lower high. And that's really it for the dollar. Moving on to NVDA. So NVDA also having problems at the all-time high supply. This is again this just the all-time high supply. So as of right now, last week we were watching how the value area low of the structure was proving to be problematic for these buyers as it was here. and then again here and just kind just just kind of grinded it for the entirety of the week and now pulling back a little bit off from it. You can see the high of this session was again pretty much right off of that value area low. If we zoom into detail, I'm sure we'll see like a lot of more lower time frame reactions right off the level like over here and even very super clean on Friday, of course. Um so, uh is this, you know, a red flag? Sure. Right. It's a red flag that buyers are not advancing so well with one, two, two higher highs. Uh two higher highs lacking followrough. It's three uh let's see 145. No, that's a double top. Um lacking followrough, but at the same time, there's not really a taper here. You know, the auction doesn't seem to have ended properly here with like a lack of volume on on at its highs. So, NVDA is also still in a situation where just kind of climbing that wall of worry as long as they're holding over 137.40. And if you're still in from this guy over here, you know, your stop can be under 13740, maybe under where the volume tapers off at like 131 because if the price does come back into here, but doesn't really find acceptance under this structure and then gets back to bouncing up here, they're still positioned really well for a go at new highs. And this was that free trade some setup that we set up months ago back in March. A lot of uh folks I know are still in that trade. That's pretty great. We were looking out for it for a long time. This is actually the second time that we set that trade up. The first one was over here somewhere, I think. Let's see. All right, it's this one. The first time we set it up was back here because we just knew that this was the key structure here, right? And if you're interested in um getting these kind of setups sent to you every single week, at least two novel ideas sent to you every single week, just like this. this. Obviously, it won't shake out like this every single time, but you know, if you're busy throughout the week, uh you're a swing trader and you don't want to mess around with screeners, you'd like us to to scout trades for you and even set them up, um and also do updates for if we actually trade them, then give this board a shot. Links in the description below. It's like less than a cup of coffee a day. I I think depends on where you get coffee, I guess. Probably anywhere that you get coffee these days. Um links in the description below. It's a great way to uh also figure out like how to trade using this style. You get an update from me, you get an update from Dan, etc. Um that's pretty much it for MVDA and I wouldn't be surprised if we continue to see this a bit a bunch of big old balance and if we do happen to see some deeper retracement. I'm really looking up at over here where, you know, I would I would say that this midpoint is very likely for these buyers to look to defend it, at least initially, which is kind of what happened over here when they originally set these highs just because there's a good amount of retracement here that you'd probably get daily oversold conditions on a retest of this structure here. And you know, MVDA has not really spent a lot of time being daily oversold, at least in recent history. So, here was the last time back in April was when it had good confluence over there and then before that, man, it's been such a long time. The last time before that was 2022. So I wouldn't be surprised with at least an initial bounce if we get daily oversold into this area to see if these buyers can affirm to break out over this high over here. Uh 11510. Okay. So that's what that new trade zone was designed around I think. Nope. This guy would would not be surprised with the initial hold there. All right. Um moving on to Bitcoin. So Bitcoin is just trading sideways here. Uh it's not great. It's not ideal that the uh buyers are having a hard time finding acceptance over the January 2025 high. We have this new all-time high supply that's in the way. So basically right now I would say the two key structures are this guy and this guy. Now I know this guy hasn't been tested. So why is it key? Well, this is really just where the last leg up was, right? What this expansion into this balance, right? It came from here. So the breakout, this breakout, right, is being affirmed as long as we're holding over 97948.56. As of right now, this lower low under this low, not seeing follow-through this guy over here, not seeing followthrough to come back down here was a good look, right? That was good defense from these buyers to not allow the sellers to kind of close this gap. It's not really a gap, but to close this gap um to the next area of demand is is definitely a good look here. But it's still just balancing, trading sideways right now. Now, the buyers are looking, in my opinion, they're looking just fine. I'm curious to see what this looks like from a pivot perspective. Again, there are very few years where Bitcoin hangs out over the pivot and doesn't at least make it to the R1. Right? So, let's see. Over the pivot, made it to the R1. Over the pivot, made it to the R1. Under the pivot, made it to the S1. Over the pivot, made it to the R3. All the way to the R3. Over the pivot, made it to the R1. Over the pivot, made it to the R1. Uh, under the pivot, made it to the S1. Over you, you you get it right. there very very few uh week uh years where that was the case. Curious to see what it looks like if we go even further back in time to BLX. Yeah. So again, it's just not too common for that to happen. So um for me, you know, that's I think is a pretty reasonable expectation for these buyers to eventually make their way back up to the R1. And are they doing that on this current move? It's really just going to be a matter of again 97948.56. All of this sideways balance is constructed for these buyers as long as there's no acceptance back under 97 948.56. So, you know, trade zone, we can update it. There's we've had this one of old. We had a sell in here that worked as well. So, using the same exact ideas, something like this, I think, is pretty reasonable. Trying to get back up to if it were to retrace back into here and test these old structures, something along these lines, I think, would be uh pretty conservative. You know, just like this was pretty conservative. We've only got like one fill, but um something like this I think pretty reasonable for Bitcoin. Moving on to Ethereum. I would not change anything with Ethereum. I think this is still a very reasonable trade zone. Again, this is just essentially a balance play, right? We're thinking, okay, Ethereum is back now in this big old chop over here. What made the lows for all this chop? It was this guy over here. We had a big old fall through back over this guy over here. So, it would be reasonable then for these buyers to defend this structure and to defend where they popped out of here to see if they can continue to stay within this guy because as long as you don't have acceptance under here, as long as you don't negate this breakout, technically this is fine for these buyers. Um, this pop and drop here over this high, of course, a bit of a red flag. And so, whenever you see a higher high that lacks followrough, what you should expect is a test of the other side. Whenever you see a lower low that doesn't see fall through, what you should expect is a test of the other side. It's not going to happen every time, but that is the goal of the sellers, right? It's no different than like a military conflict or uh a sports game, right? Like if you one team doesn't score a basket, what's the other team going to do? They're going to run it back, right? Are they just Do you know that they're going to get there? Maybe not. Maybe there's a turnover before, you know, before the team that was uh that's now on offense can get back to the other side, but you know, that's what they're trying to get done. And so, how do you assess how well they're doing that? You just look at where who's controlling the ball right now, right? And how close to the hole are they? So, um, that's pretty much it. Um, yeah. So, this pretty much exactly what what what should happen, right? What quote unquote should happen. Higher high, no follow through, come test the lows. Lower low, no follow through, come test the highs. Higher high, no follow through, come test the lows. Um, so if we're going to pop and drop here, again, this is a very reasonable location for some buys. I know the risk is big, but the R is very reasonable. That's kind of just how crypto goes, too, right? Like the risk is usually big for these swinger trade setups. If you do hold over here and then make to new highs over this fella, these buyers should be trying to get to all the way to the other side of this big old balance over here. Moving on to UR. So URA, I wouldn't chase this, you know, like the this uranium in general, they it has has a propensity to kind of have these false breakouts. So I wouldn't be surprised if we do happen to see some deep retracement, especially because we haven't really broke into any kind of new highs yet. There's still a lot of supply over here. So, I know that the URA buyers have pressed on from here, but I still wouldn't chase this. Like, if you're more of a momentum style short-term operator looking for a back test place over this guy, that's fine, I guess. But I think uh it kind of pays to be a little bit more conservative with these uranium plays, right? For CCJ, we had something set up down here um after this huge rip up, right? Like you would think after a big rip up like this that, you know, maybe a higher low could be set, but no, this is one of those names where I think structure matters a lot more. playing off of these prior areas of supply and demand, order blocks, darvis boxes, rectangles, balance areas, whatever you want to call it, two-way trade. Um, there's a lot of assets, assets that very often, you know, they're more like uh they chop around a lot more. Um, I think it's much easier to play off of structure for these kinds of assets rather than like for example price action trends where even on the weekly time frame they can get quite messy here, right? So weekly higher low uh weekly higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high, no follow through. Straight into a lower high, lower low, no fall through into a higher low, higher high, no fall through. You you get it. So anyway, um that's that's my opinion for uh URA. That's pretty much it. So moving on, trade review. I did my homework again. I got everything prepared. So hopefully this can go pretty smoothly. Um, so for 610 RTY, uh, there were just a couple of chop and stops and the primary idea, uh, I don't think I actually wrote down a primary idea for this one. At least I didn't do so for my notes. But I just really wanted to highlight how like, you know, it a lot of the time this is kind of how trading is. Like it's just um, especially if you trade like us, like how Dano teaches it, right? like you're doing a daytime frame operation and then uh you're potentially looking to swing it. If the daytime frame operation happens to go well, then a lot of the times you're going to just kind of chop and stop. Um this this review was going to be one about like how it's okay to kind of spin your wheels, but then I end up getting a pretty decent trade at the end of the week, so saved it, but we'll get that when we get there. Um so for RTY on the 10th I tried selling uh the pass back under the open which was kind of an aggressive sell and I was looking for a back test of 21397. So that's on this day here uh on Tuesday over here. Right. So on this day we're we've already expanded quite a bit and I think what was the overall market doing on Tuesday? Uh okay no that was it. So uh I was just Uh okay no that was it. So uh I was just Uh okay no that was it. So uh I was just thinking all right well it's like a little bit of a gap here. It was a baby gap and I I know we're just like messing with all this supply over here. The rut tends to be really choppy. So, I was just thinking, all right, let me try and aggressive sell. Plus, at this point, I'm I still had not yet sold any of the daily weekly oversold position uh buys that I that I scooped up on the back test of the uh 2022 high. I talked about this throughout the uh throughout this draw down um throughout many streams as well and TA Q&amp;A huddle calls which we just do in our community. If you're interested in joining a community of traders, links in the description below. Um I was just talking about how you know I was I would look to back the truck up if we came to back test these highs because you know these are really when the big opportunity comes when you back test very large areas of balance. Um that's really you know where it's at. for example, um here, right? This was just a back test of this guy, right? The COVID dump is this, right? It was really just a back test of all of this demand over here. And even over here, right, even if you were to buy as soon as you were here, you'd have to take a little bit of heat. Um but that's only 6% draw down before a lot more um follow through. And so um yeah, even this guy, right, was really just a back test of this little area of demand. So, um, yeah. So, I did end up ch Well, whatever. Let's we'll get to that when we get there. So, at this point, I'm still like very long and at this point, I was still looking for some aggressive cells to protect those long positions in RTOI if the market were to fall over and roll over, I should say, which it didn't that day. So, on let me bring up these references here. So, it's 610. So, all I did was I was just looking to sell the pass back down under the open. And again, I was looking for a back test at 21397, which we did get, but it just didn't we just didn't happen on my move. It didn't happen on the move that I got there. You can see how the low of the day was pretty much at 21397. So, had a decent thesis, right? The the idea was reasonable, but it just didn't work out for me, which is fine. Um, so it was stop over the high of day and it was dirt cheap, right? So, the way that I see it is if the thesis is reasonable, if it's cheap, right? it doesn't cost you that much to put the trade on and the R multiple is there, you know, you can fire away at that, right? That's the way that I look at it at least. I don't really care if the trade is going to work. I never know if it's going to work. In fact, I think it's better to assume that it's not going to work. From a psychological perspective, that, you know, is a lot easier to accept, right? And uh that's kind of how it has to be anyway, right? Like if you run a business, you you you you lay the cost out up front, right? you buy the property or you, you know, sign a lease for the property. You pay for all the materials you need, you pay for the inventory, and then you hope that you can make enough sales to continue to, you know, cover all your monthly cost and then eventually be in the black. So, trading is no different, right? Like, if you put the trade on and you think, "Oh gosh, I really hope this works," then you're kind of already starting from this point where there's the great potential that you'd be disappointed, right? Like, if you put a trade on and you're hoping that it works, when when it does work, you just think, "Oh, okay, great. That's like what I was hoping for. That's that's how things quoteunquote should be. Um and then if it doesn't work, you're like, "Oh, shoot." You know, that's I feel terrible. Um now, think about it. If you come from the other side, right? Like if you think about it right from the get-go, okay, I've put this cost out. I don't expect it to work. This is the cost of doing business. Then if it does work, great. You feel very appreciative. And if it doesn't work, you'll feel fine. You're like, "Okay, I've already accepted that that was the potential." Um it's kind of like what we often talk about regarding like coming into the market from a defensive position thinking about capital preservation instead of coming to the market thinking how many people think okay I want to get as much money as possible right this kind of psychological shift helps you operate in the markets in a more even keel fashion right so you know just some food for thought here um and that's why I'm okay with all of these things right these attempts they don't really make you anything but you don't really take damage sometimes you get paid a little they kind of just, you know, work each other out. Like small wins, small losses, they kind of cancel each other out. And then your big wins are really what moves the account forward. And then you should never have a big loss, right? Because your each trade should only have three outcomes, right? It should be a small loser, a small winner, or a big winner. There should never it should never get to a big loser, right? And so again, that's kind of all those concepts put together, right? You just want to make sure that you're coming at these things from the right psychological perspective. But anyway, um I digress. So the stop over the high of the day and that was uh over here. So I just sold this rolled back on the open and I chopped it up at the uh I took the risk out because I I was originally looking for a deeper chop. So originally I was thinking okay well this is the end of the day structure and I just kind of eyeballed the point of control somewhere to be in the middle of it and I was looking for an exit. I forget where. um at uh 54.3 I just just for like I just knew it was good R and I I think it was knew it was good R and I I think it was knew it was good R and I I think it was just like relatively somewhere in the middle of the uh of this guy over here, right? So I just wanted to get some good R. Um and I was thinking, you know, it's it's probably roughly the point of control of this structure. I was just eyeballing it, but I this is such a clear EQ that the PC is probably somewhere in the middle. Um that's about right. Yeah, 54 point something. Uh 54.3. So that's that's about right. So, I was looking for that because I figured, okay, well, if we're going to drive down into yesterday's regular trading hours high, this is the structure sitting at the high, these sellers should try to get to this this guy's point of control. So, I was kind of eyeballing it, which, you know, not the best. I should have had it measured out first. Um, but it was cheap to find out. So, I just kind of made the decision on the fly here. And then I took the risk out early. It didn't get down there. I took it out because I didn't like the response to this. I don't love the hold of 56.3. So, I know that this guy over here is pretty much the next thing in the way, right? And if these sellers are going to break under the regular trading hours high over here, right? Well, then of course their next objective is going to be these highs over here, right? And so the fact that you just dropped and popped there, I didn't love that. So on this move back up, I just took the risk out of it. And I think it was actually a little bit of a a small loss cuz I ended up taking some slippage on the stop, I think, or and I didn't get a perfect fill over here. And I obviously didn't get a perfect exit off of 56.3. Um I don't know. I don't I don't really recall like small losers like that, they don't really register to me. Um, and then I was looking for Oh, I got to move this over, I guess, for 21397. Um, and that was just a back test. We've already covered that, I think, right? 21397 was just a back test of this break of of the low of this guy because if we're going to pop and drop from here, the first objective should be this low. So, that was all that was. Um, let's just stop the rest. It was no big deal. And then sold RTY again. I did it again and I was looking for a chop under the uh regular trading RSI. I missed it initially and then I got it. Um, so it was just the same dealio here. That's this pass back. No, it was this pass back over and then I was looking for the regular trading hours high chop. Um, got it. And then uh I was being aggressive because technically these are aggressive cells. So I was being like I was fighting for good R but I was being really aggressive with the chops and and and taking the risk out because there's no overhead supply and and we're not moving the value is not moving lower session to session. So that's honestly very aggressive sell tech from based off of how I uh you know how I perceive trend. It's it's going against trend from session to session and on the daily time frame. So it's the most aggressive style of trade. So I was just looking to kind of scalp and then you know take the risk out. Um so okay so I get that one. I get the Um so okay so I get that one. I get the Um so okay so I get that one. I get the regular trading hours high chop and then I was looking for more out at 55 and and a half which was just a just above the as a typo there just above the high of the open one minute. It should be the low. Um, I just looking for like essentially 55.5 is just one tick above this candle because I figure if we're going to roll back down under here, um, it should be to the new low of the day. If we're going to not find acceptance back over the open, these sellers should try to make a new low of the day, but who knows if they make it there. So, I figured just look for an exit right above it. So, I get that exit and then I noticed that it missed just just by a tick, which was not a good look initially. we get that initial miss there and then it's only I think later in the session where you get the little lower low that gets to that 21397 level. So here I'll just show you on this day um here uh this day here right so 21397's over here so I saw this and as soon as I see here so I saw this and as soon as I see here so I saw this and as soon as I see this reaction and then uh move back over this low I assume that trade's not going to work anymore right because it was so close to the goal and they and they fumbled it. So anyway, I just pointed that out as a piece of context and then I stopped the rest. Um, notable failure. I just mentioned notable failure. So let's touch on the low daily supply, but buyers also not advancing well and multiple passes over the open. So that was really it for that day, I think. Um, that was it. And then for the next day on the ES um, let's see, it was 611 I think. I I marked up all my references already. for 611. I bought the pass back over the deep looking for a regular trading hours back test at 941. And so that's over here. Um so I see this uh move back down under the regular trading area. First of all, the daily context is this, right? The 11th is over here uh here. Right? And so I'm thinking, all right, well, we have a little baby gap up over here. We're over Yeah, we're over yesterday's regular trading side for a little baby gap. these buyers should be trying to get to this point of control. So, that's what I was looking to play to. Um, yeah, should be trying to get to the 1129 1217 point of control, right? So, at this point, I'm thinking, all right, let me try to play off of this uh move here that didn't get back down to the value area high. This was a notable failure on the sellers part to not be able to touch down on a value area high and then pop back over the deep. And so, I just bought this, passed back over. It was dirt cheap, like two points, if that. Two points. Um because I I obviously I didn't get a perfect fill off of the off the deep. It was like slightly above it. Um and uh yeah, so uh bought this, chopped it, stop under here, stop out, no problem. And then this was honestly the best setup on the session and I just completely fumbled it. I was just talking about my my my friend's dog who got into an accident because uh they let their they let the son of the household's girlfriend watch the dog and she had him off leash and bushwick which is whatever either way he got hit by a truck and so I was just upset about it talking to somebody. Um and that's a good lesson too you know like we've talked about this before that you know you you you got to be focused right if you want to capture all of the opportunity but no problem. Um, so I stopped the rest and then I just mentioned that the uh stair step off the value area high was dirt cheap, right? That's a really a gift from the market to have a strong open retrace to the value area high and then give you a setup here that's like the ES is super liquid. So if you have the stop buy in, you you can really get it one tick off. So that's like boom 3 9.5 and like let's say you give it a little bit of a wiggle that's like five points of risk if that trying to get to the regular trading RS high that's better than 2 R just to get to the regular trading RS high to get to the open you're probably looking at 3R better so um that's a bummer and I just tried some more attempts playing off of the regular trading hours high uh here. So I bought at 10:00 I bought to pass back over the regular trading hours high that's over here here. And again, it was dirt cheap, right? Because I'm trying to play with momentum. I'm trying to look for these cheap setups and I want these aggressive chops. So, I just bought this. I think I actually bottom bish off the lows here and then chopped it up over here for like nothing. Like a point if if that um for point net profit, I mean uh after the stopouts. So, I chopped it and then I stopped the rest and like I said, it was like worth nothing. Um trying to Oh, okay. I tried again later. Yeah, I tried again later. Right over here. So again, I'm looking to play to that daily point of control. And at this point, technically, we had already gone there. So I was a little bit more wary that they would try to get back up there, but still like if you're going to reject initially here, but still hold over yesterday's regular trading RSI. And then if you were to make a new high, then they should try to price here to the value area high. So I was thinking it's still worth a shot if I can get it for cheap. And I did get it for cheap because buying the passback over the regular trading RSI was dirt cheap again. So again, like what are we trying to get done here? you're trying to see if the session to session buyers, right, can continue to affirm the day plus buyers. How can they do that? They have to hold over yesterday's private trading RS high. So, that was, I think, a very reasonable setup. Um, and I and I was being aggressive. So, I had the chop for the uh the stop for the first chop in the middle of this one minute candle because if this momentum rolled over from there, I just didn't really want to be a part of it. And I was looking for the first exit here and price was kind of stalling on its way up. You can see this overlap here. I just didn't really love that. Um, but either way, it didn't didn't get me. So, I eventually do get this chop. Um, I'm looking for the chop under the low of the local supply. This is This is the low of the local supply over here. Um, so it was really good art just to get there. I forget the fill. It wasn't perfect. Somewhere off the regular trading RSI just to get there was was better than 3R. So, I was more than fine with firing away at that. Um, okay. And then I chop under the low of the 57.5 and then stop for the rest under the low of the move. And I was looking for another exit at the depot. And the reason why is because what I mentioned above, we had already gotten to the daily target that I wanted to originally be playing for when I was over here. I wanted to originally be playing for this test at the point of control. Again, if we zoom in to that session, I was playing for it over here, right over here and over here. And then I stopped out here right before the move, which is kind of a bummer. And then I made that second attempt over here. I don't really have confidence that they're going to try to that they will get back there again. And if they're not going to get back there again, then it should be somewhere off of this supply that's sitting at the high of the day. And it absolutely was. So, um I just took another exit here under the epoch and under this uh 6.25 level. Um 6.25 and then I stopped out the rest and it was a decent it was a decent trade that one. Um and then finally, so you know, pretty much a nothing burger day, then a small day. And so I was just think it's probably going to be a nothing burger kind of a day week. But uh fortunately on Thursday I got a pretty nice one Thursday into Friday. And uh what it was was first I'm noticing that there's very little corrective activity in the rut, right? Because it was a gap. So on let me let me hide this and then wait hide this guy and then leave this guy up. Um okay. So on the rut on this day it was a okay. So on the rut on this day it was a okay. So on the rut on this day it was a gap down, right? And so for it was on let's see here. Wait, no it wasn't a gap down. Yeah, it wasn't. Excuse. So it was a gap down. Big old gap down though. So very often on big gap downs, you don't really get a lot of action after the bell because a big gap down catches a lot of people off guard. A lot of people have to reposition here. And so um as a result, you very often have a lot of two-way trade which causes balance. Um so anyway, uh that being said, if you don't the gap guidelines suggest that you go with gaps that don't fill right away, right? Because if they can't fill the gap, right, then of course that side is weak. If you gap down and buyers can't fill the gap, of course they're weak buyers, right? Because they can't negate the change of the gap down. If you gap up and then sellers can't negate that gap up, well then again, what what does that tell you about sellers that they're not very strong. So um the key idea, I think this one is probably the best one for in terms of key ideas. The key idea is really location, right? Like when you are doing especially daytime frame operations, I mean always location is so important, right? Because all right well if you are trying to follow this gap guidelines and say all right I want to go whip these sellers as long as they don't fill the gap. What does that mean? You know that means that you have a lot of different places where this trade potentially could work. It could work right off of the open and it could work right off of the regular trading hours low, right? Because well the sellers don't negate this change unless they can get back over the regular trading hours low. So you kind of have to split up your risk capital, right? And or accept that you're going to take this one shot and then if you're wrong, you're wrong. I don't really do that. I like to keep my odds I like to keep my options a little bit open. So I'll always split my risk capital up and so I'm willing to play off of the open, right? And so the open was here. And all what I did initially was all right, well I see this and then I see this candle miss getting back to the open. So I think okay, I'm just going to sell this new low, throw my stop over here and then see if they can get all the way back down to the overnight low. Um that was the where where the uh where my uh hang on a second here. Um, that was the idea, right? So, there's very little corrective activity in RTY. I can recall that right away. And then, uh, I sold the move back down under and I was sized to add. Um, and I was looking to play to the confluence zone, but I kind of doubt that it gets here today. And the confluence zone was really what gave me a lot of like conviction for the sell here because if we're going to keep pressing lower session to session, I know we have this massive confluence zone here, right? with the high of this area, the high of all of this demand, the high of the local demand, and then the gap fill is all right here. So, I was thinking if these sellers continue to press from here, they should try to get there. So, that's kind of why I was interested in in trying to go with the momentum of this gap down. And as always, it doesn't um shake out as perfectly as I would like, but I was fortunate enough to capture it. Um, so stop over the high of the day. Looking to play to that compliment zone. And uh let's see. Looking for a chop at the 66 value area high and then look to add it back. So the 66 value area value area high. Oh yeah, I was looking to I meant the value area. That's a typo here. So I was trying to get to here, right? Because remember every single session is trying to affirm or negate prior session. So if we're going to affirm this session as supply, then what should these sellers be trying to get to? They should be trying to get to here next, right? And we're under all of these sessions right now. So the next objective should be the key references here. So, if I'm going to be a seller here on this new one minute low, then they should be trying to get here if they're under the point of control. So, that was my thinking. Um, obviously, it didn't shake out like that because it didn't didn't get to the value area low at all that day. But, it is what it is. Uh, I did get a flip here. So, what what I ended up doing was I see this move back here and then I see, okay, we don't touch the uh open again. So, I just sold the move back down under the value area high, the developing value area high, and chopped it up before the low of the day just to flip my cost basis down. And then I stopped out on this move up higher, I believe. Uh, let's see. Flipped it. I was holding out for the O and L cuz it was not good out for the O and L cuz it was not good out for the O and L cuz it was not good R to get to the 66 val. And then I added R to get to the 66 val. And then I added R to get to the 66 val. And then I added on the pass back under the belt. That should be D.Va. So, another typo. Covered the ad just flipping the cost basis. And then I stopped the rest at 943. So that's this move over here. And then I tried it again at 9:45 and I was looking for the deep chop. So I just re-entered on this pass back down under the open. Chopped it up at the deep. Stopped it out one more time. And then I think I did it one more time. Uh chop RTI and then did it one more time. Uh unas at 955. The R was not as good, but I was still looking for the deep here. The R was still okay. It just wasn't as good. And I think I had it over the candle um on this pass back down under. I just broke that little stair step here. And I had it like that, I believe. Um, I had it like this. I wanted to see the momentum right get to the deepot. And it did. But then eventually it stopped me out again. And at that point, I was getting kind of frustrated. I want to go eat oatmeal. So I said, I'm likely done for this session. And a weekly week of spinning wheels. Like it just wasn't really much of a um week for, you know, wasn't a remarkable week at all. But then at 129, I was I was eyeing the RTY passed back under the D.A. So 129, we're back. We're all the way over here now. And I'm thinking we're over here. And I'm just telling the the the gang that I'm scouting it, right? I want to see us roll back down under here. So, I was thinking if we like don't make a new high and then roll back down under it, I would sell that and throw my stop over the high and try to get to the deep. Um, but at this point, too, I also know I have a call at 3 p.m. So, I'm like, you know, if it doesn't set up perfectly for me, maybe I have to try to get something else done or maybe just pass on it completely. So, I let them know. I'm just eyeing it. I'm still just eyeing it. I'm thinking the odds of potential for the bounce are pretty good because like I said, usually big gaps, you just get a gap and hold kind of a day, which is kind of how this kind of session, we did have a gap and hold kind of a session. We just traded sideways after the gap down. So that's that's all happening here now in the afternoon. And I'm thinking, you know, if we're not going to trade over the supply at the high of the day, then we're probably just going to keep bouncing. This happens all the time. So I was just looking for responsive trade essentially. Um yeah, just looking for responsive trade here and I'm thinking potential of uh further balance and we're battling the 69 session value area low right now. That's this guy over here. Uh the value area low of the this guy, right? So at this point now we're over here right in the afternoon and I'm thinking all right well if we roll back down under it where should these sellers be trying to get to? They should probably try to get to the low of the day again. Try to get to this point of control because again it's a battle for this guy right between this session and this session. So if we're going to roll down from the value low from here, they should try to get to here next or technically they should try to get to here first, right? The this guy, right? The regular trading hours high of this session, right? Because again, they're just battling these sessions out. So if not in here, then should be to here. So that's my thinking. And what I do then is um still just eyeing it. Uh I just I wrote that R out assuming the stop over the local 15-minute high. Uh oops, that's shouldn't be there. And then at 144 I said, okay, you know what? I just top fish against the high that didn't see fall through 43.8. That's this guy over here. Um this guy. So I'm thinking, all right, well, we just popped into over this guy twice. I'm going to if we roll back down under it, it's super cheap to just sell the move back down under it. Target this developing value area high. give my stop a little bit of wiggle room because it's been very choppy. So I don't expect us to, you know, just get right there. And I was targeting where the value area high was. So something like this, right? Assuming you don't, you know, it wasn't a perfect fit. It was something right under it. And assuming there it was better than 2.2 R. So I was fine with that. It makes me sweat for a long time, like 30 minutes, but then finally it gives me that chop. Finally, it gives me that chop. And it was 2R for Oh man. made me wait for 40 minutes or so. Um, and that was the last update because then I had the TA Q&amp;A call in our group. So, I I I you know, I call in our group. So, I I I you know, I call in our group. So, I I I you know, I can't do the coverage anymore in the room and I just held it into the overnight session, the runner. So, this was a nice two-hour trade and then the in the overnight session, uh, we did get to that confluence zone, right? So, I ended up just closing it in the pre-market. I was away for the afternoon, the evening, and the overnight. So, I didn't I didn't know that it got there. Otherwise, maybe we could have closed it actually further. Um, because, you know, I'll show you what happened in the overnight session. It went way beyond there. Right. The confluence zone is essentially at the open, right? Is at the open of uh Friday. The Friday's open was um let's see here. Friday's open was here. All right. Friday's open was here and the overnight session got way past it, but I was just out. So, so I didn't see that what it is. Um but that's still, you know, great trade. So, I'm very I was very pleased with that. That ended up being 32 uh trades. I mean, 32 points on uh let's see, I had like Oh, I only had two two contracts on, but still pretty solid. Um I was very pleased with it. So, anyway, again, that the key idea then is really just location. And there were really two trades that kind of highlighted that, right? One was that ES buy off of the value area high, right? I should have been prepared for this because the regular trading RS high is not the only location that we should be playing off of, right? If we're looking for the uh session to session bias to continue to affirm the daily breakout, then we have to play over here. We have to play over here and we have to play over here, right? It's not it's not until the yesterday prior session point of control was violated that we can stop playing for that uh session to session setup to affirm the daily breakout and then uh and then I missed it. Right? This was great location, super cheap, good R missed it, right? So that was just, you know, a good lesson for waiting for location. And then for the rut, of course, again, it's a matter of um location, right? Picking. Okay. Well, all right. Well, if I'm going to be a seller here, I got to play off of the open and I have to play off of the prior sessions regular trading hours low. Again, we did not get up here, right? So, I had to be a player over here, right, for looking for a pass back down under the open. And I had to also be looking for a setup over here. And there was actually a really clean setup here that I that I that I didn't get. Um I think cuz I think I was just doing something here. Yeah, super clean one minute stairst step. Very very cheap. That was a really good location as well. Fortunately, I did get that, you know, later day one. But this one would have been much easier. So anyway, that's the key idea for me in my opinion for these trades is just location, location, location. So that's it. Uh, if you made it this far, appreciate you tuning in. And, uh, if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe if you got something out of this video at all. We would appreciate that very much. Cost you nothing. Helps us out a lot. Uh, otherwise, I appreciate you guys tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.