============================================================
Video: sGz3CowJy-M
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trade War Pivot Breakdown?
Date: 2025-06-01
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8222
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:24.553954
============================================================

Raising tariffs on the EU was yet another fake out, and the 13th Circuit Court of Appeals has moved to block all of the reciprocal tariffs. But tariffs aren't the only way to fight trade wars. And after Friday's close, uh, new sanctions against China was announced. So, will the onslaught of fear headlines ever end? And does that really matter to stay on the right side of the market? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll go over all of that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with SPY here. Um, so we really just spent the week balancing. And if you'll recall, we talked about the potential of of seeing further daily balance. Well, not on these uh weekend videos, but in our in our chat room on this day because uh that was a Thursday the 15th. because on Thursday the 15th, what happened was the Q's made a higher high and just didn't really see that much followthrough. So after all of this range expansion to make a higher high with just no follow through at all greatly increases the potential that we, you know, are setting up for some further daily balance which has been the case so far. So first things first, let's just talk about the tariff situation. So the the EU tariff situation that was announced like what Saturday and then by the time Monday came around that was off the table again. So just another snip snap moment. Um and now the the new headline to to be concerned about potentially on Monday are these new sanctions. So you know again should we care about these headlines? Yes and no, right? Yes, in the sense that they they do cause short-term volatility. they very often will you know inspire especially when so many of them are announced after hours and so typically you know you can move the after hours market much much more easily because there's lower volume so you know it tends to create some short duration volatility particularly from close to open. Um, but as we've been talking about ever since this big old move, you know, markets have the propensity to climb a wall of worry. And so, are we continuing to climb that wall of worry? As you've, you know, likely recall from prior videos, yeah, right? As long as we're holding over this guy 570.31, then the market's just going to keep climbing this wall of worry. You know, again, as long as these fear headlines do not create meaningful change, right? So, it's on the it's on the sellers right now to create meaningful change. If they can't do that, then the buyers are doing just fine on the daily time frame. Now, that being said, we do have to be mindful of the fact that we are currently bumping our head up, the buyers are currently bumping our head their heads up against this all-time high supply, which is exactly where these these buyers have problems in the initial breakdown. So, essentially, all of this balanced right now is a battle between these two structures, this all-time high supply and this um demand zone, which was essentially the the demand zone that was holding all the lows following the uh election reaction. Right? So here's the election reaction. This gap up, hold the lows, hold the lows, hold the lows, hold the lows, battle for it over here. And so that's pretty much it. Another way of looking at it is that we're trying to hold this 310 to 42 structure over here. Right? So this is the structure that's best acting as a proxy for the July 2024 high. And you can see the the high of this balance is pretty much roughly the lows of this structure. And the low of this balance is again roughly the high of this structure. So, it's anybody's guess how the structure breaks, but as of right now, because we're still holding over 570.31, these buyers are still constructed. Additionally, this was very notable. Um, this is a scam. That's not real. Should look like this. That actually is wrong, too. Um, there there should have been some corrective activity on this gap. That's weird. Uh, here, let me just show you SPY's load time. There should have been some corrective activity here to fill this gap up on Tuesday's open. Um, but what is notable is that here's the gap from Tuesday's gap up and the the lower low on Friday filled some of the gap but couldn't fill it all the way. That's very notable. It's very it just suggests it's a weak selling. Same thing happened in the Q's, right? They came very very close to gap fill. Gapill was at 51184 and the low of the session was 51193. So so they missed it by just under under a dime. And then uh same thing for the rut. The rut should be the relatively weak one. You would think that they would try to fill the gap here and and again they missed filling the gap. So of course the buyers are not out of the woods yet, right? There we could very easily see further downside on u Monday. But as long as that gap remains unfilled, just like over here, this incomplete gap fill was very bullish. It's the same deal. Just like this uh unfilled gap is bullish, right? Because it just means that this was a notable change that hasn't yet been negated. Um of course you could make the argument that if we get a lot of gaps within succession, then eventually the market should try to repair those gaps. That's true um as well, but it's never a guarantee. Like nothing has to happen in the market and we just take it one day at a time and use the references that it's in front of our faces right now. As long as there's incomplete gap fill here, which again it's not being shown properly right now on this chart and incomplete gap fill here. Okay, so incomplete gap fill here is obviously short-term bullish, right? And then longer term would be this guy because if we don't fill this gap, then of course we're not finding acceptance in this demand zone. If we're not finding acceptance in this demand zone, then we're just bouncing sideways over prior demand. That's constructive for these buyers. Now, from a seller's perspective, the sellers did play defense where they had to. Here's this little 3-day supply sitting at the high of this big old range. And you'll notice that the point of control 59306 is pretty much exactly where these buyers run into problems. Now, that being said, like I said, the gap incomplete gap fill is a good look. So, next week, if these buyers can prevent further gap fill and then find acceptance over 593.06, that's pretty much the best case scenario for these buyers. and holding over 58252 keeps these buyers positioned well to keep to keep chipping away at all of this supply over here. Okay, 58252 just the point of control of this guy over here. So buyers are doing fine and the fear headlines again if they don't create notable change it doesn't doesn't really matter the headlines they can keep coming. It's all about these levels as long as these levels hold. you just play with the direction that the daily if you're a daytime from operator you play with the direction that the daily chart is is moving in, you know, and even if you're a swing trader, it's just easier to go with the uh overall market. Okay, that's pretty much it for SPY. Uh moving on to the cues here. So the Q's, I don't think it we had a trade zone, but I'm I'm pretty sure it was based off of back testing here. So it's not not not in play right now. Uh moving on to the Q's here. So accuse again had a higher high lacking follow-through not a good look but at the same time incomplete gap fill very notable defense however high of the day at the value high of this local structure right now that's the currently the problem for buyers there is space for higher lows we're potentially just setting fast higher lows here if on uh Monday we can see a break over Friday's high so for the Q's that's 520.68 68 for the SPY that is 591.13. And that's really there's not really much else to say. Nothing really changed. They're pretty practically just, you know, we just trade sideways for the most part. A little bit of a higher high here like in fall is not the best look. But at the same time, the sellers didn't really press the issue either. We'll just have to wait for more information. We just pretty much, you know, trading sideways for quite some time now. And the key levels that I'm watching for as references is the high of this structure, the 112129 structure sitting on top the uh July 2024 high. So basically, if you can't trade through this guy, then you don't get to the July 2024 high. If you don't get to the July 2024 high, then this breakout over the 2024 high, of course, continue to be affirmed. And you'll notice they missed that, too. So, not only is it incomplete gap fill, but they also miss testing the high of the 1121 to 29 structure. So, these buyers are positioned well to continue chipping away at this all-time high supply as long as you're holding over this fellow over here, which is the case right now. So, that's really it. Same theio for the Q's. you you're probably yeah didn't pull back into basically we're looking for a back test of this fella and this structure and that just hasn't shaken out yet so we shall see uh moving on to IWM rut the rut again like it's also very notable to not fill this gap these this should be the the weak sector and it's not really showing you that much weakness it is showing you relative weakness of course there was much more overhead supply compared to the ES and the ENQ which is why you know uh the spy and the QQQ which is why um my my my sales have been focused on the ES and on the rut. Um but still, you know, you can't be too happy with this, right? Like again, incomplete gap fill didn't really drive under this point of control today. Not the best look. Space for a higher low over 199.65. Uh key daily lower high resistance is of course 208.03. And we just need to overcome this little bit of supply for these buyers to you know get really really press the advance again here. They never took out this demand either. So even though there is overhead supply for me, you know, a breakdown from overhead supply is a good start. It's a start from the sellers, but you still have to take out demand in order to to press the advance as a seller. And as of right now, that hasn't been the case. So that's really it um for the rut here. So they're just struggling with this 3 4 to 42 structure. of higher highs next week. Uh excuse me, eyes on uh 20708 and then the high of the range really the local range now uh 21013. Downside reference of course going to be the valued area low here uh 20 0.29. All right. And then moving on here to the Dow. So the Dow also not entering our trade zone right now. Just hanging out again. Spent the week pretty much just balancing trading sideways inside bar. Very indecisive week. Chipping away at this supply here. This is the essentially the equivalent the three of the of this uh these guys. This guy for the spy, this guy for the Q's is essentially the same early March to early April um structure. So it's kind of like the rut in that it's still trying to resolve that structure. Um all right, so daily higher low's already been set at 41858. So we are now looking for the potential of acceptance back over 42522 if these buyers compress the advance next week. again incomplete gap fill. So this this is weak selling to not fill these gaps. It's very notable but still just balancing. Um yeah so really just a a whole week. I mean look at look at look at these four nothing happened last week pretty much. So anyway no change on the Dow either but holding more 41655 is definitely a good look and the key upside references going to be 42522 and 42958. Uh moving on to the dollar. So I continue to maintain this is a very reasonable place to be looking for trade on the dollar. Obviously it's not shaking out so quickly right now. Not the best look. However, um still very reasonable to be looking for a lack of acceptance under here. If lack of acceptance under here, then these buyers should try to rotate to the highs of all this range over here. Pretty much the opposite of what happened over here. This was a breakout over this key supply. No followthrough. Come back and test the lows. This is an attempted breakdown out of this demand. If there's no follow-through here, these buyers are going to try to take it to the other side. So, and you know if the um 13th Circuit does so right now the 13th Circuit said those tariffs are not legit and um the Trump administration they made an appeal as they do and uh so now it's up to the as they do and uh so now it's up to the as they do and uh so now it's up to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court does not have to take this case on and uh I think they they're out of session until June I think. Um, okay. I I thought they would just be a pretty easy Google, but apparently not. I'm pretty sure they they're out of session now until June. Um, anyway, uh, they don't have to take it. they could just, you know, say no, the lower court, you know, whatever they they we agree with the lower court or let the lower court handle it. Uh if that's going to be the case, then, you know, the the threat of these like tariff trade war situation likely subsides a little bit here, which then, you know, probably probably would could put more confidence in a dollar. This is I'm I'm you know, this is I'm speculating right now, but that would make sense. And as of right now, there's still lack of acceptance under 98.8, which is this low over here. This lower low under this low that didn't see follow through. Um, you can see how it comes back into play over here. And it comes back into play over here and intraday over here as well. Um, this is the key, you know, this breakdown is not firmed as long as under 98.80 and as of right now, it's still just a battle for this um key demand zone with it key point of control at 99.800. So, I still think it's a very reasonable place to to be taken for trade. It's certainly making you wait. Um, if you want to use this trade zone and not just like come into it blindly, you can just wait, you know, for like a big old move over the point of control and ideally see some kind of like passback overplay. Buy the pass back over, stop under the local low, chop it up at the development value area high again at the uh low over here and then, you know, try to see if it can hold the rest into this prior low and then to the other side. So, you don't have to just, you know, use these levels blindly. I I don't I typically don't recommend that. I typically recommend you trade your own edge when the price is in these trade zones. That tends to shake out better for u most people. Um alternatively, just waiting for there to be like hourly extension in the trade zone because these are always looking for daily pivots almost always. So, you know, if you have that confluence, then you can just start coming into the trade, especially if you're like more of a position trader and you you manage your risk um with your position size, that's fine. So, that's pretty much it for dollar. Moving on to MVDA. So NVDA greatly surpassing uh the targets. I don't know where our N Yeah, greatly surpassing our target. Why where are my drawings at? Where the heck did my drawings go? Okay. Um so brands are passing our target now. Flirting with the test of alltime high supply. Technically pretty much rejected from the value area low of the all-time high supply. Um at this point now you can walk your stop up if you any initi any any initiations from here you can have your stop up to under here right because this daily time this daily trend is doing fine as long as you're creating areas of demand and breaking out and if you take out this area of demand then this daily trend is being threatened so any runners that you have from this trade zone you know of old I would walk it up to under this low here 129.16 there's a ton of space for potential weekly higher low over I don't really care about the dinky one anything over 8662 would consider good for a weekly higher But you know this is the potential of just further balance that we could easily just continue to trade sideways for quite some time. Um it happens very often where NVDA will just kind of trade sideways. Obviously the um like the context was a little bit different but still you know price is price. Um and that's just how the markets are markets and that's just kind of how it has to go. After a lot of range expansion you should see balance because the that's just how it works right. The market wants to find areas of balance because the job of the market is to distribute goods effectively. And so in order to do so, it needs to find a fair price to do business. And once it finds a fair price to do business, it wants to stay there until you run out of people who are willing to conduct business there. And then it's going to go look for the next area fair price to do business. That's just how it goes. Um anyway, so this is a you know, pretty sweet trade, but you know, whatever. At this point now, a runner, you're looking at 50% 40% gain. Um even if you're stopped out of it under here. So yeah. Um, and if you are interested in getting these kind of trade ideas sent to you uh every single week and um updates from me and Dan, you know, if you're like busy, right, if you're busy during the week, you're a swing trader, um you got a job or whatever and you don't want to scout trades, let us scout the trades for you uh with the swing report. Links in description below. Check it out. And that's uh that's really it for MVDA. Nothing else. You know, it's I I think you can continue to recycle the zone. honest if you come down and get extension into this area of demand again just like it worked once over here um the market's already affirmed how meaningful this structure is so if you get if you get all the way back down here again I think very reasonable to be making this same exact plays in this area that's it going to remediate um all right so for Bitcoin this is not a great look for Bitcoin right Bitcoin pop above the January 2025 high no acceptance lower high off of it again for another uh pop and drop and now um you're back in this area of Local daily demand obviously not a good look for these buyers and these buyers don't negate the change of this breakdown without acceptance back over 1066 632.35 the next objective for these sellers should be here 101 946.20 the value area low of this structure and as long as we're holding under 105 let's just call 105k then the odds of us continuing to balance within this guy would increase. Now that being said there's a lot of space for a weekly higher low a ton of it. Anything over 7442 0.69 69 would be good for one, but on this retracement, you really don't want to see price get back under the low of this structure, right? Like that would obviously not be a good look. Ideally, they'll hold over this point of control. Like if we were to highlight all of this, the PC is probably roughly 96616. And so on this retracement, you don't want to lose this area of high volume if you if if if these buyers are going to be able to set a healthy weekly high or low. So, I would pay the most attention to this level over here. Um, matter of fact, let me just see what it looks like right now. Yeah, it would be that level. So, this is really the key level here, right? If we're going to set that weekly higher low and be positioned well for potential higher highs, then 96616.71 is going to be super super key, right? And if you're still in from a runner over here, you should just have your stop under here and just stop it out if if uh if if it gets taken out and out if if uh if if it gets taken out and out if if uh if if it gets taken out and then if anything, we can re reinitiate somewhere around here. No problem, right? So for Bitcoin buyers in the short term, something like this, I don't hate that, you know. I don't hate that at all. Just plan to get back here initially. It's 2.8 R. Not bad at all. So anyway, that's pretty much it for Bitcoin and then move on to Ethereum here. So for Ethereum, uh I would I really wouldn't be surprised if we retrace on Ethereum, right? These higher highs stocking fall through stalling over here at this supply over here. And if these buyers are going to stay constructive relative to this breakout, they have to hold over this structure. So it's a good amount of risk, but the R is good. And the logic I think is sound, right? If you want to hold, we want Ethereum to hold on to this guy, hold on to this guy to affirm this breakout, hold on to this guy to keep uh maintaining this kind of balance, maintaining this kind of balance in here, should have the next objective be here, and then the ultimate objective for for balance plays at least to be up here. Okay. And then finally for uranium here, no change. I still think this is a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. Essentially just looking for this fella to hold just like it did over here, over here, over here, just like it held for sellers over here, just like it held for buyers over here. That makes the most sense to me for uranium. So I I really have no uh further comments really for uranium either. Just looking for that weekly higher low. And if we are going to set, it's kind of like Bitcoin. If we are going to set this weekly higher low and over um 1950 and have it still be healthy, you just don't want to lose the middle of this range essentially. That's it. Um all right. So for trade review, I think the key idea for me uh for the 528 session at least um was is to just know like what what you want to see in order to flip your bias, right? And like uh I think one key idea too is like you don't have to take every trade. Like you if you are a daytime frame operator and you want to just always play along with what the daily chart is affirming. So for example, if you are a um you know you're you're a bull in spy, right? Because as long as the daily chart is holding over 570.31, then these buyers are doing just fine on the daily time frame. And so you want to stick to buys. That makes a ton of sense. However, you would like everything to be aligned properly, right? So, you you're only going to look for setups, session to session setups then when you are when price is over the prior session's point of control because then you know that the daytime frame uh buyers are also affirming the daily buyers, right? In in a sense, essentially the daily move is being affirmed by daytime frame buyers is a better way to say it. So, I'll just show you what I'm talking about here. So, if that's going to be the case, then as soon as you see this breakout on the 12th, then you're only going to be a buyer. So, how do you pick location after the 12th um on the 12th? All right. So, you say, "All right, I'm going to only go with buyers as long as you're breaking over this area of demand, which has been the case throughout all of this." And so, on this day, strong open. You don't come back down to the value area low. This is a reasonable place to buy that pass back over the open with your stop under the low and then, you know, just just aim for the next area of structure to the left here. That's fine, right? The next day you don't really get a setup. You get a open over the point of control. So you're either making plays on the back test, right? So you're buying the pass back over, throwing yourself under the low, assuming that that's good R, which it kind of isn't. I don't think it's not really great R just to get to the value area high. So maybe you just pass on that. That's fine. And then on this day, you don't do anything, right? Because you're under in the morning, you don't do anything because you're still over the point of control. Once you get back over it, okay, fine. Now you can be looking for these higher low plays. Although honestly it's kind of tricky. This is a great day for that, right? You buy this pass back over the point of control, right? But it's a stopout. It's probably a chop and stop, but the the first chop is already good R. Let's say it's a sloppy entry. You're playing to the value every high. That's 2.5R. Great. Stops out. Bummer. You run this play again. Pass back over the point of control. At this point, maybe you pass it's 1.24R. Maybe you pass on it. Whatever. You still walk away with something on this day. You don't do anything until you pass back over the point of control again. And you don't really get a setup off of it. So you have to use like a deep play or whatever. That's fine. Kind of outside the scope. Either way, the idea is that's how you filter. You don't do anything this day because you're under you don't do anything this day because you're under the point of control yesterday's point of control. You don't do anything this day cuz etc. And then uh same thing here. You don't do anything. And that's fine. You don't have to do every something every single day. On this day again, the R is not really great for that. So maybe you pass. Find the pass over here. Again, the R is not great. So maybe you pass again. You don't have to trade every day. It's totally fine, etc. So that's fine. And so if on these days where you um where you don't get a nice clean back test of the of the uh yesterday's point of control, what you can do is shift to the developing point of control and then look for a higher low play. So over here, for example, all right, well, you don't get this play because you're you don't do anything because you're under the point of control. Then you could do this pass back over the diva. It's it's a chop and stop probably. And then another one here on this. These are the 15. These are the 15. It's not That's not very detailed. Hang on a second here. Uh where's it? 12. Okay. So on the day where you open under, so for example over here, okay, you don't really get a good setup off of the yesterday's point of control, but you can buy this pass back over this here, right? Throw your stop under here. Target, you know, even just the the point of control of this structure. If you if that's not good enough for you, fine. You pass on this pass back over the uh point of control. That's fine, right? Throw a stop under the low of this guy over here and you try to get to the div.va. That's pretty good. R on these days, you can do the same deal. You'll buy the pass back over the deep stop under the low. Try to get to the div.a. Very low risk here. Very low risk here. That's totally fine. And that would have been a banger, right? Like this is totally great. Pass back under the point of control. You buy the pass back over it. Stops under the low like this, right? On the one minute chart, there's probably a higher low there. Try to get to the div.a. I mean, yesterday's valuary high. That's 1.8 R and obviously you see way more follow through than that. So it doesn't have to just be on yesterday's point of control. This is again is a pretty tasty setup if you buy the pass back over the point of control. Again depends on you know how much risk tolerance you have. But that's the idea, right? You're looking for the edge to affirm on the daytime frame to affirm what's happening on the daily time frame. And if it's not doing that then you just don't do that trade and that's totally fine. So anyway, that's I think the key lesson for me uh one of the key lessons. But for this guy on uh for 528 um I tried the ES5 first on the 28th because it was a gap, right? So on the 28th, we're looking at it like this. It's this day. So it's a strong open after a strong day already. And if we're we open pretty much right at the value area low of this key local 3-day supply. So if these buyers were going to press the issue here, they should be trying to get here, right? This should be their objective. So I was willing to buy the strength. Um, I bought the passback over the open for the ES and then chopped it up at under the overnight high. So, that's just here. Let's see was open was here, right? And so, all right. Well, what's happened here on the open is you just come in and you back test yesterday's value area high. You hold it. And so buying that pass back over was dirt cheap. Few points. And the overnight high, I forget where the overnight high was, but I see 528. It's over here. The overnight high was over here. Yeah, overnight high was over here. So, you just buy that move back over it. It was decent like 1.5 R, something like that. 1.4, 1.5 R, whatever. Chopped it up. Stopped out the rest. Um, stopped out the rest here. And I said I was looking for the overnight high. Went with the ES because the ENQ was close to daily resistance. So, I figured if the ES was going to stay strong, then the XLV and XLF should take over strength. We didn't see that and eventually I just stopped out the um rest. I was looking for that daily point of control test, shot at the overnight high, waiting for a lower high play for RTY cell. So, I'm thinking ahead to what I would like to do against the ESL if the buyers fail here. If the buyers fail here, I don't really want to join the ES sellers because again, the daily time frame is very strong, but the rut would look like this on the 28th over here. So, I was much more inclined to be a seller in the rut because we were just testing this overhead supply over here. And if we were to roll back down under this valued area high, the 34 to42 value area high, then I have very clear targets to try to get to here, try to get to here, you know, uh to here. Okay. Or rather, yeah, so to get to the point of control to get to the value well gap fill and then to real low. So, I was much more inclined to join the RTY sellers. Um, so I note that it was a failure, right? They did not tag the 516 520 point of control after getting very very close to it. They got super close to it and they could not touch it. That's a very notable failure. Whenever something gets really close and then fails, I always take note of that because the they it's like getting to the one yard line and then failing. It's like not a good look, right, for the offense here. Um like I guess constantly driving there and getting stuffed. Um, okay. So, I stopped the rest of the ES and then uh see interested in flipping to the self RTY playing back to the 3442 point of control. If drill on the 15. So, I'm calling out ahead of time what I want to see before I take that play. I think it makes a lot of sense to think through the entire play. What was the key idea that I wrote? Uh, to flip. Okay. Yeah. So, you want to just kind of know what you're going to do ahead of time, right? Just it's just easier to get all that planning out of the way. Um, okay. So, I'm just waiting then 15-minute press lower that takes out demand from yesterday and then look for a lower high against the prior demand that would be acting as supply. So, I wanted to see this, right? I wanted to see um again that's on the 28th over here. And so, I wanted to see us take out this guy, right? And then essentially look for a back test play, right? I want to take out this Damn it. Take out this guy, right? And then make enough space for a back test play against this guy. I don't think we got the back test play, but I just ended up doing a like a deep depo move. I think deep cell. Um, let's see. So, so pass back under the Oh, overnight low. Right. Right. Right. So, and the overnight low on the uh 28th was over here. Um, hang on a second here. 28th is over here and the overnight low is right here. I'll just take one of these lines. That's the O and L. And so we were really really far away from that supply that I wanted to play against, but the overnight low was being problematic. So at uh 11:06 it was dirt cheap over here, right? Sell that pass back under the overnight low. I think I just did the SS break and um the stop for was over 84 and I was just looking for a test at the low of the day. I chopped at the low of the day. Oh, I'm sorry at the low low at the lower low that didn't see initial follow through. So that was just uh this guy over here, right? This guy right here. So this was the move down. Here's the O and L. these this lower low did not I'm sorry it's this guy this lower low did not see followthrough right and then we rally to the O and L you sell that SS break chop it up here why because if these buyers are going to play defense it should be here at this lower low didn't see followrough it's very similar to like a inverse head and shoulders uh psychology it's exactly where they have initial defense so it chopped it up there very very good R for that um and then I was out the rest of the RTY cell at the 34 to42 point of control was pretty much the low of the day Um, right. So, here's the 28th and you can see the low of the day was pretty much at that point of control. Again, it's pretty much the same trade that I did back here and and over here. It's like it again, it's like, you know, you're just looking to play from daily level to daily level, right? If you fail at the value area high, they should try to get to the point of control. If you fail at the value high, they try to get to the point of control. So, on the 28th over um here, we sold that pass under the O and L. They should try to get here, but it's practically the middle of the day. So, that was it for the 28th. So again the key idea in my opinion was really just to think ahead to know uh so allow your context to give you the directional bias. So for the rut the context was rejection from this value area high and rejection from this supply that gives you the bias of a seller from there from after you have your directional bias now you choose your tactic for me I wanted the tactic to be a sell against this structure right against this guy we don't get that but we got a really cheap setup against the overnight low and I know that they need to hold against the overnight low to affirm the overnight sellers and have the most confidence in day plus selling and we have a lot of space for 15-minute lower high so I think that was a very reasonable sellover there Um, and then after you after the uh your your context leads to your bias, your bias leads to your tactic, your tactic leads to your R. If your R is good, then fire away, right? So, that's that's essentially I've been saying this a lot lately. Um, because it's I think it's a very succinct way of putting together like how to think about the trade. Um, anyway, the next uh trade was on 529. So, the key idea for me on 529 was that like I kind of need to focus more. Um, a lot of times I'm like talking uh to people or whatever, explaining something sometimes or just shooting the and uh I just end up missing things and that's just not good. I'm just not being sharp. So, the key idea is like if you're going to operate in the day time frame and really capture all the opportunity that's available to you, you you know, surprise surprise, you need to focus. And on on uh the 29th, I I let two things distract me. So for on the 29th, I let the QQQ um strength distract me, right? The gap up, I was like kind of eyeing it, seeing, okay, well, are these buyers going to hold it? Maybe I'll do something there. If there's late if there's buying later in the session, uh I mean early in the session, then maybe I'll make a play later in the session. And like even saying it out loud, that's kind of silly. Why was I focused on that, right? I know I'm looking for something later in the session because it's just a large gap up. I didn't really want to um play for a gap and go in that context. So, however, on the rut, the rut was like a perfect sell again, right? You opened up right under the value area high, right, of this structure and then you move right to it and then you roll back down under the open essentially affirming this rejection, right? So, here's the the open on that day. You move right there. This is essentially the setup that I wanted yesterday, right? But I wanted to sell off of this guy if you recall, right? And so that's basically the setup, right? It's it's same exact setup and I and I just missed it because I was I was just chatting. I for I forget. And it's super it was super low risk and it went we run right to the point of control. Man, that was such a sick setup that I just completely missed cuz I'm I was just being chatty, I think. So here, even just playing to the uh even just selling this, I'm playing back down to I'm sorry here. even just playing back down to like even late late entry playing to the yesterday's point of control. Stop over it. That's 3.7 R and that's like 10 points just so swiftly. So that was just a big old error on my part is what it is. What can you do? And um whatever. I'm just kind of talking about how I shouldn't have done that. essentially it was the uh and then later I'm thinking okay let me recycle the RTY cell against the O and L uh if they drive down again and it would essentially be a test of the high of yesterday's balance which is this guy over here right this guy. So, I know now that we've rolled back down under and come back into this balance, the sellers, if they want to continue to affirm this move back down into here, they should defend this structure, which is exactly what they did. And I fumbled that as well cuz I think I was talking again. Yeah, I missed it when I was typing and it was like a again a low risk setup against a high bounce from yesterday. missed it. And then finally in 11:30, you know, I got focused and uh I sold the SS at 11:31, the stairst step break at 11:31. And that was because, hang on a second here. I got to kill these old overnight lows here. Um 11:31 on the 29th. Um let's see. That was here because we had just crawled higher, right? And there's a straightforward SS break play over here, right? Just you see one minute stairst step, one time framing, whatever. You sell that breakdown. It's essentially a rejection from uh this opening range and from yesterday's point of control. Yesterday's point of control is right here, right? So very notable rejection from there. And I looked for an exit I think at the depot. I forget. Uh pass back under yesterday's point of control. Looking for PDC for a chop. I forget where the PDC was, but let's see. Bit of wiggle at 11:32. We took the exit. So that's like over here somewhere over here. Um so like 3 R almost 3R. I think that's really solid R IMO. And then I was looking for more out at the regular trading hours low. Uh just acknowledging that I almost missed another one typing it out and I was out more at the regular trading hours low. And then I stopped at the the rest of it and the at uh end of the the rest of it and the at uh end of the the rest of it and the at uh end of the day on this move up and they did take it lower, but it is what it is. My stop was over this guy and I got taken out near the end of the day. Um, and you know, uh, whatever. If if I miss, I miss. It doesn't really bother me. But, you know, the idea is you got to stay focused if you if you want to capture these trades. Uh, sometimes I miss things because I'm typing to some somebody like I think on this one uh 11:32 one, I was answering a question like in I think in great depth, I think. Hang on a second. Let me see here. 29th. Um, let's see. I think I was talking to Alex about I was explaining my process. Yeah. Yeah, I was explaining my process to Alex at this time. Um, so we had a member ask  about asks a question about my setup. Um, and so he starts asking me questions somewhere. Here we go. He started asking me a question and then I just started typing out a whole bunch of stuff to explain it. Uh, talking about how I put it all together chart by chart or whatnot and then I almost missed it talking to Alex. So, if you're interested in, you know, hanging out with us and talking charts like that, nerding out, going really in depth. I like to, you know, I obviously I enjoy talking about my process. I like sharing the ideas. Um, if you're interested in that, check out the chart guys chat room links in the description below. And then on 5:30, I I just I just, you know, whatever. I was just wrong, so I can walk you through that as well. It's not that I was wrong, per se, but I was trying to uh look for essentially affirmation play again. I'm I didn't create the post because who cares, right? there's a stop out anyway. So, why why why would I why would I make this up, right? So, I was just looking for a sell over here on this big rip up. Um I was looking for a sell against this structure because if these sellers were going to continue to affirm the rejection from this daily point of control, then they should this is essentially a proxy for that. So, I was looking for a sell here and then just stopped it out. Um is what it is. Broke a very long streak. So, that's kind of a bummer, but whatever that's trading and um and I don't I have I have no problem with that, right? Because this was in my opinion a reasonable stop. The only like adjustment that I think maybe I could have made was a contextual adjustment. Tactically, this makes a lot of sense trying to look for the sell over here. I was fine. I'm fine with the entry that I took. I I actually took two attempts at it. Um, and stopped out both. I'm fine with both though. I think they were both very reasonable. I you know, I I wasn't expecting a Vshape to take this guy out. That was very notable buying. But the one thing that maybe could have helped me stay away from it is was the incomplete cap fill, right? If I put more weight on that, then, you know, maybe I would have uh not been so gung-ho. But this felt like enough space, you know, for these sellers to at least make an initial defense, which I guess they did over here. Um, but they they just didn't do it. So, it is what it is. I have no problem with that. So, anyway, that's pretty much it. Appreciate youall tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.