============================================================
Video: JOp5sI6n2pw
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Are Rate Cuts Priced In??
Date: 2025-09-14
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8684
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:45.874275
============================================================

buyers saw follow through on a break to new all-time highs last week heading into FOMC meeting next week where the market is priced in pretty much 100% chance for a rate cut. So, will it be a sell the news event and what do buyers need to get done to stay constructive if it is a sell the news event? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. Uh, so let's get into it. Okay, so starting off with SPY. So, you know, recall the last few uh times the market has broken into new highs, it kind of struggled to hold on to the gains. And we were talking about how that was a bit problematic. Um this breakout over here falling back into range, this breakout over here, falling back into range. And last week, we ended over here, right? This um this was the Friday, and it looked like it was going to be another situation where we're going to fall back into range. And what the sellers had to get done I believe we discussed last week was they needed to hold back under this breakout point right because that's how a breakout gets negated right just like back over here when we saw this breakout it was only problematic once you fall back under 64619 over here over these two days when there was a battle for it was questionable whether or not we would see another situation as such but we didn't these buyers saw a good amount of followthrough now now there's a lot of space for a potential higher low the new breakout point is 65221 and so on Wednesday even if um you know let's say like the market gets the worst news right the market has been super focused right now on rate cuts so it's and it's pricing at 100% chance um of at least a 25 basis point cut uh next Wednesday so let's say the worst case scenario happens for market optimism and you don't get the rate cut right comes out a hawk eats his eye and he just yells right and then Oh, he says great cuts canled. Um, all right. Well, that would not be good. The market would be caught off guard. You'd probably see some hot and heavy selling. And if that's going to be the case, the best case scenario would be to hold over 65221. There's a decent amount of space, especially if on, you know, the sec the first half of next week, if these buyers can press a little bit higher, then there's a lot of space to defend against that breakout point. And even if the sellers do negate this breakout, this breakout from September 10th over the uh September 5th high, I honestly think that's fine as long as you're holding over this guy. Right? So 64464 is the point of control of this prior all-time high supply over here. There's much more value established here than over here. So I'm not really updating it to this little 4-day balance over here. Um that would still be constructed like a bunch of sideways chop over here. It would be very similar to this, right? It would be super similar to this situation where you break to a new high, come back in, back test this prior all-time high structure, hold it two times creating for this chop above it, and then you break to new highs. So, if you to just repeat this over here, except off of this structure instead of this structure, that's fine for the market. The market would still be okay with that. All right. Um, at this point now as well, I think there's decent space for a weekly higher low, monthly higher low, of course, is is is all but guaranteed. Whether or not it's so much retracement that we would also look for a lower high after that, you know, that remains to be seen, but as of right now, lots of space for a monthly higher low. We'll take it one step at a time. All right, so that's pretty much it. Um, I think we got let's see, we're over the monthly R1 now. I think the yearly um the monthly R2 is there the next objective. The yearly R2 is even higher I believe. Let me just make sure here. Yeah, yearly R2 is like 7 700 pretty much. All right. Um and I think we had some trade zones, right? You know, it's actually channeling quite well, isn't it? I don't I don't really use channels anymore. Give me a second here. I just want to like this is channeling quite well or even like this, right? Looking at it like this and then um just assuming that price is kind of hanging out near the uh upper half of this channel. I guess you would have to anchor here to get more pivots anchored on the top here. Yeah, looks pretty buyers look pretty healthy here. Um and I think we have some trade zones, right? We had the Let's see. I'm getting myself confused here. That's the most recent one. All right. So, that one done. This is the ad for this original idea. At this point, you know, I sent the tweet out. You should take your profits, right? It's already beyond the target here. Um, and so for a stop, I think you can walk it up to under here or under here. 64333. No later than this low. I would say 63492. Um, for any remaining position. And you know, because FMC is next week, I don't really feel like it would be terribly responsible to create a news zone around here using the same logic. It would make sense, right? If if not for some major news event, it would make sense. But, you know, because of the FOMC, I think probably best to avoid. But if we were to set up something, it would probably something like this, right? Because you have these two high volume nodes over here. We're playing up to that monthly R2, right? Two. Yeah, R2. That's probably decent risk. to get all the way back up there, even though it's more risk than the prior setups. Something like this, I think, would be quite reasonable. Um, but again, FMC kind of throws a wrench at that. If you really want to be aggressive, then something along these lines, I think, is a reasonable uh location for trade. All right, I guess I'll just group it up as well. Why not? So, that's it. Moving on to the Q's here. So the Q is now also surpassing the monthly R1. It's the same DIA or similar, right? It's a little bit different than the than the SPY because it only recently broke to a new alltime high over the August high whereas SPY, you know, it's way over the August high already. Um oops. So more or less the same, right? We still just care primarily about this alltime high structure. So next week, if it's like a sell the news event, what do we want to see? We want to see these buyers ideally just hold over 58332, right? That's this guy over here. But if they can't get that done, really holding over 5806 is is honestly fine. This is the prior all-time high structure. There's a lot of value established over here. Lots of space for a daily higher low. I don't really care about this dinky one. I would say anything over this low over here. 55954 will be good for one. Weekly time frame also got space for a higher low. Monthly, of course, tons of space for it as well. And that's uh really it as well. What do we do? trade zones for the cues. I forget. It was this guy back here. Uh, so actually it hasn't even gotten there. I think what what are we looking for here? Was it the yearly level? I think it's the yearly level. No, it must have been a prior monthly level, I guess. Well, it's been updated. So, we should probably update that to here. So, um, you know, objective I would say would have been reasonable to just chop it up at the monthly R1 if you use that trades on the second time around. I know the first time around I think it popped us by just a smidge. And that's uh really it. Honestly, even if we were to just hold over this breakout, I I still think that would be okay more or less, right? Because if we move down here, right, take out this point of control, which would then affirm this as supply, but can't negate this breakout. This is really the last major leg here and just kind of balance over this guy, then we still affirm this breakout and then we're chipping away at this structure over here. I think that would still be pretty constructive, just not the best case scenario. So, kind of have like a, you know, A, B, and C scenario, right? the A scenario, hold over this guy. That would be the most strength. B scenario, this guy. C scenario is this guy. And I think all of those would still be more or less constructive um for buyers. I I I think it's reasonable to buy as long um as long as the daily is in breakout mode, right? So, as long as you're seeing a breakout over new highs on the daily, and in this case, you're kind of seeing it in two places, arguably three here and over here, arguably over this one as well, um the daily tries to be fine. Okay. Um that's pretty much it. Moving on to the rut here. So the rut very notable rejection from the point of control of the all-time high supply. Remember we've been watching this guy forever. Um since 24 this wait this should have a year on it here. Oops. Oops. Um very notable. However, at the same time this breakout still being affirmed, right? as long as you're holding over 23702 and the small caps should benefit the most from a potential rate cut, right? Because they just they carry the most debt. Um, so that's really it. I care primarily about 23702 as a downside reference, 2488 as an upside reference. And even if you were to hold over 23485 to keep affirming this fella as demand so that we see a battle between this all-time high supply over here and this guy over here, I I think that would still also be constructive. So again, best case scenario like the I guess like an ace um ace situation like the ace support would be 23702 and the king would be 23485. Um all right, so that is really it. The sellers are doing what they have to get done, right? From a defensive perspective, they are holding under the point of control of the all-time high supply. Very, very notable. Pretty much a picture perfect defense of it. But these were also very notable failures, right? The sellers did not get down to the point of control over here. Did not get down to the value area high here or here. So, we shall see what these uh sellers and buyers can get done next week. I don't I don't really feel comfortable playing off of this guy. It's so close. And we have FOMC next week. So, no trade zone there. Moving on to the Dow. So, the Dow took a long time, but finally did get to the target. I this like this this is not the right color. Um this this I guess we should say this is the new daily no change level now after this breakout. I would say 45867. As long as acceptance above well then obviously we are uh accepting new prices. That should say the market now we the market's accepting higher prices and we should update it now, right? Because this is a significant amount of local daily demand. So really we should care about this and as long as the buyers can hold over this point of control even if they do negate the this most recent breakout uh over 45867. If they can just hold over 45556 to keep affirming this, let's call it 45558. Um, then they would still affirm this local daily demand. And again, this would just be constructive, right? Just like, you know, coming off of this structure here. Demand breakout, demand, breakout, demand, breakout. Everything is fine here. Like this was honestly quite problematic, right? It looked problematic. You had this overhead supply. You take out this demand. I I guess you could perceive all this as one block. So then you know you wouldn't have been been so concerned here because you don't take out demand after building supply. Um but right now they look fine. All right. So 45558 is our super key reference next week. Moving on to the dollar. So you know sometimes trades just make you work right like or make you wait I should say right? You know I still stand by it. finally gets to our target here and we you know why did we target here and not the value area low I mean a value area high of this key uh demand zone over here was because we already had a low here you know you already had a low secured here you had a low secured over here so I was thinking if you're going to be a seller off of this um structure it does make sense to look for extended targets into this key uh demand zone over here but I think for like your first profit taking makes more sense to kind of like look for an exit above these uh lows over here because if these buyers are going to play defense on the way down to there. It should be here. So, um we'll see. As of right now, you know, finally, it took us forever um month and a half to to get all the way down here. But at this point now, you know, should wait no later to be chopping up your position. Uh if you do chop up your position here and you didn't take any profits in here, you can walk leave your stop over here. Uh if you're not taking profits on this and you sold in this zone, then you know your your stop can be here, right? Because no sense in letting that go red really. All right. And I stand by the buy zone as well. Again, we're just looking for further balance. The the dollar just has a propensity to balance for a long time. You know, it's an it's traded against six other currencies. Um so, you know, there's a lot of fluctuation between those currencies and um that's that's why you see just a bunch of chop, right? So, responsive trade on the dollar is very often the ticket. Okay. All right. So, that's it for the dollar. Moving on to gold. So gold looks totally fine. Super healthy consolidation, high and tight potential bull flag right now. Even if this bull flag fails and we roll over, you know, we got to get all the way back down here and just to back test this big chunk of of of value. So, you know, for me, I think it would be better to wait for some notable retracement. Like, let let let some of these poor location buyers, relatively poor location buyers relative to anybody who's in here or even in here. Um, let them get shaken out a bit and then see where the market kind of bottoms out and then we can look for those balance plays again um within the range, right? Kind of like uh kind of like here, right? So, back here you have this major breakout, right? Major breakout, you failed to come back and negate it. you hook back on where? Pretty much here, right? On the lows of this structure that you tried to leave, you know? So, we can look for something like that, right? Like ideally, you get a situation where it's like this, like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, and then earnest attempt, fail to get down there or uh drop and pop, and then big old rip up, and then we can bottom fish using these lows. Kind of like what we were talking about with the dollar just now. Similar um concept. All right, so that's it. Tons of space for a weekly higher low. Anything over 3311.560. This is the CFD chart. CFD on. Um, that's pretty much it, my friends. Moving on to NVDA. So, for NVDA, okay, I guess I got a lot of these that are marked wrong. It's uh kind of bothering me here. Um, all right. So, this this should be updated. This should be all the way down here. So now we have this little local daily demand zone and this breakout over the demand zone 17238 rather it's not negated without acceptance back under 17238. Lots of space for a daily higher low. I don't care about this dinky one. I would say anything over 16407 would be good for one. All of this is just balance. You know this is fine healthy consolidation right now. Did this not get it to a 90? Yeah, it did not. Um super healthy consolidation. you know, I wouldn't be too I'm not terribly interested in being a seller. I didn't even do any cover calls yet just because it just looks quite healthy. So, we shall see. I think if we were to fall under 17345 um then I would be like ideally we get a situation like this for covered calls like drill under it then bounce back up here to get it extended. I was thinking about it um but then this gap up and held there. I don't know just not really too interested in it. Bigger picture I'm still looking for down here. I would prefer to look for a back test of this big chunk of value. Might take some time to get down there. Just like this big old rip here. Very healthy consolidation. Took some time, but eventually you do retest it. You get it twice here. It's a very similar situation, right? Like this looks very similar to this right now, right? Big range expansion after a bunch of balance. Bunch of balance. Big range expansion. Just waiting for those back tests here, you know? Um so that's it for an MVDA. Moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin again, like I was saying, you know, still stand by these trade zones, mark this up as a very reasonable place to book some partial profits. If you um wish, I would walk my stop up to no later than here. But at this point, because you do have this local daily demand zone that's being affirmed, as long as you're holding over 113390, I think it's reasonable to have your stop under here, uh 109321. That's that's that's fine as well. uh if you've taken profits, if you chop it up here at the value area low of this all-time high supply, you know, it's it's more reasonable to leave your stop under here. But if you haven't taken any profits, I would just kind of walk this up on each new daily demand zone that gets created and affirmed. All right, so that's pretty much it. Lots of space for a daily higher low. Anything over 10993 is going to be good for that daily higher low. And again, we care primarily about 113390. Just see if there's a TD print high or did not. Um that's it. Moving on to Ethereum here. So for Ethereum um did not come into the trade zone. This is quite notable, right? So the sellers here, they they should be trying to negate this breakout by getting under 3941.86. Um and coming back down to this fella here, which was problematic for these buyers here, here, and here, and here. Uh and so an inability to do so is is notable, right? The buyers look okay here. As of right now, lots of space for a daily higher low. Anything over 4237.13 will be good for one. Um that's pretty much it, right? Pop and drop at the value area high trying to hold this um point of control. Pretty much held it to the tick as of right now. So now the objective should be to keep holding over 4605.77 and find acceptance over 4748.87 in order to uh move value higher relative to the all-time high supply. Right? That's the goal right now for these buyers and they look positional to do so. I still stand by this honestly like if it doesn't hit it doesn't hit but I still would prefer this trade zone. Let's moving on to CCJ. Okay, so CCJ very healthy consolidation just trading sideways. No real update, right? Because nothing really happened last week. Sure, it was in advance but you know by a smidge. Um this higher high lacking follow-through still has me thinking you know there's decent potential that we come and back test this guy. This is also one of those names where you know it it trades sideways a lot. It chops around a lot. So, you know, you see big range expansion, you see healthy sideways consolidation, it might make you feel, you know, like you want to jump in on this, but and I'm not saying that's necessarily wrong, right? I I I would say I'm a fairly conservative person when it comes to trade location. I would much rather miss, you know, than take damage. Um, just knowing how I am, my disposition. Um, you know, I just prefer to pres preserve my psychology cuz I'm a rail rail flower little pansy. Uh, according to the futures room. So, you know, that's uh that's really I would prefer it over here, you know. So, yeah. Um, so that's that's really it. No real change to CCJ. Weekly time frame kind of choppy. So, this essentially will be for a monthly higher low. All right. Okay, so moving on to trade review. Um, there's honestly a lot of comments, but not there's a lot of good lessons, I think. Uh, I spent most of the week being kind of frustrated, honestly. So, you know, definitely have some thoughts on that. Um, but it's always good, right? Like challenging weeks. Um, you know, they test you, right? And then also usually when you're tested, that's when like the most learnings occur, right? So, I was definitely noticing some like um psychological stuff going on with me. I got a bad like news from the doctor, a little health scare. It's not I don't think it's a big deal. Not I'm not I'm not really sure. I'm not used to having not good blood work. So, um you know, and I I exercise a lot and eat fairly clean. So, I was kind of surprised that's kind of been on my mind weighing on me a little bit. Uh, I bought some life insurance. But, um, anyway, that's I think that's kind of part of it, but I don't know. Uh, either way, a little challenging, but good good week, I would say. So, um, starting off on the ETH, right? We were over here. And remember, I'm thinking, okay, well, there is the potential that we're looking at another situation where we pop and drop, pop and drop, and we pop and dropped on Friday. So, if these sellers were going to affirm that drop, right, that pop and drop on Monday, this day, then they needed to hold back under here, right? Like we we we've already kind of discussed that. Um, so I was just interested in selling that. And Mondays, usually I I take it easy. I had a lot of stuff around the house to do. Um, so yeah, I just took this one shot at it and it was just a uh and this is like this this I included this comment about like I I you know I wanted to kind of let the market show its hand a little bit instead of like trading right off of the open. Um because you know I was just I I was just expecting there to be the potential for you know further daily balance and like I I think I need to be more mindful of that right because the mindset that that put me in was like kind of a more lack of daysical mindset like oh you know like let let the market show its hand a little bit and then we'll we'll we'll come up with a plan like a little bit later in the session. Um, but that's not ideal, right? Like even if I'm going to think like that, um, I I should still think through to like, okay, but if we're going to do something early, what should it be? You know, just keep all those options open. Like I often talk about, you know, you kind of want to plan for up, down, sideways. It's the same idea, right? Like you want to plan the session for like, you know, aggressive, conservative, early, late, whatever. Um, so I think that was like a poor management of my of my expectations. You know, I basically I had expectations and like you know, market doesn't care what what my expectations are, right? So, um that's just context. I don't know why I included that. RTO initial rejection from alltime high supply value. Oh, um these are just context. I'm not sure why I included this to be honest with you. Um but I I sold this the ES one minute looking for a deval test. So, that was just uh Oh man, did I mark it up? I don't really think so. I did. Oh, it's already um where we at here. Nine eight. Here we go. It was pretty straightforward. Uh SS, right? So, one minute stair step up pop and drop at the at the uh alltime not alltime high, the um uh high of the day. And at this point in on the spy, it looks like this, right? Like the uh first few candles on this day over here, you know? So, I'm thinking, all right, we didn't even get up to there to that daily breakout point, right? So, I'm thinking, okay, well, if we're not going to come up to that daily breakout point over here, so we open up here initially failed to even get up here. I I assume we're trying to come down here, right? That's that's my thinking. So, you know, I figure extended target, we can just look to get to the uh next relevant um high, right? This breakout point from the end of the day structure. Like if we're going to fail here at the open um or not not get to that daily breakout point, I should say, and then roll back down under the open, the next objective should be to negate yesterday's end of the day structure. So, I was looking for that. Um but that just uh didn't happen. So, let's see. I figured, oh, right, it was a potential lagger to ENQ as well, I believe, and stop over the high day. I chopped it up and then I said I should have been open to the RTY cell. So, I'm already kind of noticing like a um some errors, right? because the RTY cell made a lot more sense in my opinion, right? Because looking back, it was over here. You I love this kind of trade. You know, if you've been watching these videos for a while, you know, I I really like when the open is right on a major daily level because then, you know, if you can put your risk on, it's like super clear and it gets right to the daily no change level. So, that would have been a much better trade that got to target, but I just failed to realize it. Again, part of that was because I was like, "Okay, well, let me wait a little bit into the session to let the market show its end." when in reality the market actually offered you a really good open trade off the jump. So that's a bummer. Uh and I think uh let me just make sure what the context was from a session to session perspective on the ETH. That was fine, you know, like it's not ideal, right? Like it would have been better for like over here, but this is quite reasonable as well because you're pretty much at the low of this supply from the high of the prior day, you know? Um anyway, so that was pretty much it. And then I just, you know, I'm interested in taking cheap shots at aggressive sells local ranges at local ranges highs. um just because I was like pretty net long. I don't really have a lot of hedges on. I have no hedges on really except for cover calls and cover calls, you know, they're not really not really much of a hedge, right? Um so anyway, I missed the next chop and I stopped it. I went to go eat and stuff and so I just miss the next the next chop I was looking for was like I said that um test over here. All right. And then for 99 uh 99 the daily context looks like this. uh looks like this on 99, right? So again, I'm thinking, all right, well, we're still struggling, right, at this all-time high supply. If these uh sellers are going to push the issue here, then they should look to defend the key levels, right, of that all-time high supply. Um so that's the context of it. And I see that we're testing at this point, we were testing the point of control, right? So that's uh the Can you see this? Um testing the daily point of control. And that was pretty much right off of the open. So right here and then it was an initial rejection from yesterday's value area high right so that's the here on the 10th right that's no over here on the 9th initial rejection from yesterday's value area high right so what's happening here right what's happening is that if we reject from yesterday's value area high and the supply at the high of the prior day then that's also affirming this rejection from this daily point of control right so I'm thinking all right Um, let me try the sell. So, I sold the NQ against uh the open looking for the 81975. I must that must be a typo. I didn't I didn't notice. Um, hang on a second. What the hell was that? Hold on a second. Wait a second. This is I'm on the wrong day. Okay, that makes sense now. Maybe. Oh man, it's not marked up. Hang on. Did I not do my homework? Oh, I did. Um, oh, okay. 81975. Okay, it's missing a decimal point there or like Yeah, this was an error. This was not not not not I don't I'm not terribly proud of this um trade. So, that was at 940. I I sold this against the open um for here. And the reason why I picked this location was I kind of chased it, you know, like I I should have been prepared to sell against the value area high on the 9th because again, the context is right here. So, if we're going to fail yesterday's value area high, again, that affirms a rejection from this point of control. So, I I wasn't prepared because again, I'm like thinking to myself, I'm going to let the market kind of, you know, shake out a little bit first before trying anything. Oops. Hang on a second here. Um, so because my location was bad, it was against the open here. Um, it was still 1.5 R, right? I gave a little bit of wiggle room but because because the location was poor um my stop was not good right like this opening rate and I talked about this right like I think uh or no I think I I stopped it out uh I or no I think I I stopped it out uh I or no I think I I stopped it out uh I talked about it after I stopped through it okay yeah I talked about it so this is not a good location right because this is all still just chopping around balancing right so really the good better location would have been the top fish against the highs of this range right because you have better R here you know what I'm saying like if this me stopping out here, the trade could have still worked and it and it does still work to at least to the next target. Oh, actually that it did it would have worked quite well. Um, but because of my poor location, I have my stop at at a not great place. So, you know, there were some adjustments that I could have made like um I I could have played for a further target like I could have played for the point of control like this, right? Played to get to here and have my stop over the high. Something like that would have been a more appropriate or what else did I say? um need to be better about looking forward even if I want the market to shake out a bit and I panied again. So at 952 I I pans it out again. I was just kind of getting in my head I think right because these diva setups are the same setup pretty much right if these buyers can't find acceptance over the div.a you know this is not a lot of risk right like if you sell against this development value high with your stop over the high of the day trying to get back down to that that level of change that's 2.6R 6R just getting back down to the DV val 1.7R. I I you know I should have been prepared for that you know but I think I was just in my head like I didn't like the idea that I fired off that bad location there. I needed that trade to work right there otherwise you know then it's I get stopped out right so again this location is no good because this is all just still consolidation still indecision chopping around the open. So, and I just pointed that out, you know, again, like the the the more challenging sessions, usually there's more to learn from, right? Um, and I had to be open to the reload, right? Because if I'm going to take that poor location, I know then that that has to work right there. If it does to keep my risk tight with 1.5R, and if it doesn't, then I need to be prepared for the reload because the idea might still work, you know? So, it just wasn't really firing on all cylinders and just um bringing some attention to that. And then on 910 I'm still thinking let's see the 10th the daily context is this. So we open and we roll over right away. So you break to a new high and roll over. So again I'm still thinking all right there, you know, the buyer still having some problems. Maybe I'll still try to join the sellers here. So I sold the ENQ Deepo pass. Um and that was at here. And this is honestly kind of a similar situation. Although this this day it's kind of sim similar situation, right? Where the location was really not great. Um but it's it's a little bit different. Either way, uh I sold this deep pass because I'm thinking, all right, well, you know, typically you want to go with gaps that don't fill right away, but if they start filling, they you know, usually they get filled. Um, so they were trying to fill this gap and my objective that I was targeting, I wasn't targeting the gap fill first. I was targeting the uh September 5th high, right? So I was looking for a back test of this guy first. And on the ETF chart, you get on the ETF chart, you get there on the first move. Um, hang on a second. Oh, I'm sorry. On the futures chart, wait, wait a second. Oh, yeah. On the futures chart, you get there on the first move. Uh, but on the ETF chart, you did not. And so, that was an error because I should have been playing off of the highest level, you know. So, hold on. Let me just mark up the September 5th level. It's over here, right? So, here's the September 5th level. And I just I failed to realize that the there was a discrepancy there. Right? So again, the ETF I was I was looking at it on the ETF chart because normally I I like using the daily time frame. I look at the ETF chart. So I was just looking at it over here. And so I based it off of I based the exit off of that. And so I was looking for it a little bit deeper on the futures chart. I was looking for it at 898 just for a meme exit. And that also violates the round number guideline, right? Like typically just human psychology you people put their orders on round numbers, zeros and fives. So, you know, that was just not ideal, right? I should have been aware of the discrepancy in the levels and I should have been playing for the higher target. Whenever there's discrepancy, I prefer to play at that higher target or the closer target, I should say. Um, and I wasn't mindful of the round number guidelines. So, that was problematic. I mentioned that. Um, let's see. Took off at DVAL. Yeah. So, I took off. I was originally just looking for a test of yesterday's regular trading hours high, but I didn't level the locations and you know, there was already decent art just to get to the low of the day essentially. So, I just chopped it up and then I missed that second exit because of the error. I missed it by a couple ticks. It's kind of frustrating. Uh couple points kind of frustrating, but it's all good. And I just All of these comments are just bringing attention to that. I should have and also I should have been open to the ES buy um because it was a a potential incomplete fill. So on the ES at that point on the 10th or yeah the 10th I was thinking I was thinking about these devout plays like these deval plays made sense. You don't see a follow through on it later on but even this devout play here was dirt cheap. This one was super cheap and this one was super cheap. Just playing to get to the high of the day or even to the diva, right? Like playing on this pass back over on the same day like that is still 1.5R. Playing this one, man. like even with your low here, it's it's still 1.7R. So, um yeah, it's just again and that's an error that you know, again, if you watch these videos, this is something that's a common error of mine where I just kind of end up watching the work. Whatever trade is on, often time I forget that there's a potential to put on a trade going the other way. Like if I don't have high conviction on this trade, I think it's reasonable to go both ways. Um I often time lose sight of the other direction once I put the first trade on. So basically I failed to do a a good pair trade in my opinion here. Um so that was it and this is good. So this is kind of where I start turning the ship around. So at the end of the day I talk about that the gaps filled and the daily breakouts were being negated. Right? So again that's these days right? So the gaps were filled daily breakouts being negated. Um but so on the spy over here right but we should be open. So that's this gap up day, right? Gap up gap is filled. Daily breakout over this guy is being negated. But um we should still be open to the potential that buyers can take over. So right if lack of acceptance under white tomorrow, so today's point of control is tomorrow I should have said um would be just consolidation of the daily breakout, right? So if if the next day if on this day we can just hold over this day's point of control, then that's that's fine, right? We're just consolidating this breakout. So that kind of sets the context into my probably I would consider the only good trade. All those other trades were fine. They were base hits, but you know, nothing to write home about. But this was a good day. So 9/11, um, again, because the context yesterday was, you can just look at it, right? From a session to session perspective, uh, it was fine, right? Like this looks bad. You know, you have a whole day of seller control for the most part, but it's still a clean break of value higher. The majority of the session was over the prior session, and so value still moved higher. So, we had to be open to the potential for buyers to step back in on the 11th and that's what they did. So, on the 11th, um, first I'm kind of beating myself up again because I hesitated uh on RTY. RTI was a really cheap setup over here. It was a pop and drop a drop and pop at the was a pop and drop a drop and pop at the was a pop and drop a drop and pop at the prior sessions point of control. Dirt cheap just to get to the uh value area high of the session, but that's okay. Um few moments later, six minutes later or so, uh I just I just bought the eight minutes later, I bought the passback over yesterday's valued area high. And this one really it made me wait for a long time. And again, I was like kind of in my head and I I mentioned it like here we go. Here's the setup on the 11th. And I just bought this this pass. This was this pass over here. No, no, it was on the 40. Yeah. So, I bought this pass over the value area high. Kind of filled a little bit above it and it almost took me out, which honestly the week would be so different if if it did take me out and I I probably would be uh this this review would probably be much more somber. I don't know. I would would not have enjoyed it as much. Um I mean, whatever. No big deal. But like either way, um we did we missed getting that stop out. It was a pretty much 1.5 R to get back to the regular trading hours high chop. So, it made me wait a long time. I put it on and then it makes me wait. So, I mentioned here at 9:46 that like I'm I'm definitely in my head because it's over here. Honestly, it wasn't that long, you know. So, hang on. When did I say that? Um, blah blah blah. In my head for sure, that's at 9:46. So here I'm like I just had an urge to chop it up at the open which would be like nonsensical right the R for that would would make no sense half R half half a coin R it makes no sense so um I just bring it up right because I think it's important you know to to to just call it out right like when it just exists in your mind it can be it can have infinite power you know like when you like anxiety or fear or greed or whatever um anger whatever any feeling that you have that's really intense and you just kind of let it exist in your brain, you know, it's in your body, it's just doing it's having its way with you essentially, right? It has access to essentially all of your energy, right? Um, but when you just kind of make it tangible, like you write it down, you say it out loud or whatever, and then you can kind of step away from it a little bit, create some space between this sentiment, you and this sentiment, and then it's easier for you to critique it and kind of catch yourself in the moment. So, like I I find it very helpful. It's very similar to like point and call. um you know like pointing and calling is a like a procedure that um it's very popular in Japan apparently where like uh if like train conductors and train operators every single step that they have to do to coordinate with each other they say the thing that they're doing and then they point at it to like kind of let everyone know and let themselves know that they did the job and like and you know um that the train is ready to go and they have like a super low incident rate apparently. So anyway, um I like to practice that, right? Just calling it out loud. Next time, try yourself, you know, next time you're angry, just be like, "Oh, I feel angry at this." And all of a sudden, you know, it kind of subsides a little bit. Or if you if you're scared, you know, so I feel scared about this and then it kind of subsides a little bit, you know. Not me. I'm never scared. Just kidding. I'm just kidding. The ocean terrifies me and my wife. Anyway, so um yeah, so finally it gives me the chop at 9:48. makes me wait like 10 minutes to get to that first chop and then I take more off just we're in blue sky so at this point I don't really have a targeting I'm just based it off of R so I chop it up at 3 R and then I'm walking I chop it up at 3 R and then I'm walking I chop it up at 3 R and then I'm walking my stop up or trying to get to the daily R2 the daily R2 is marked up over here so I get that third chop uh much later in the session and then after that third chop I exit everything um yeah after that third chop I I triggered out while I was eating and then I said there's potentially a deep play later in the session right because this is potentially a trending day. And if it's going to be a trending day, then very often in the middle of a session for like 15-minute higher low, um a failure to hold under the deep is a good place to look for a potential higher low. Doesn't work all the time. No setup's going to work all the time, but um that's what I was looking for in the middle of the session. And so at 1150, that does set up right here. 1150. Okay, just buy this move back over the deep here and chop it up at the 88 uh just for the meme exit, but also because it's this prior low over here, right? This is kind of the all-time high supply really, right? Cuz we're in blue sky breakout. This is just the local supply sitting at the high of a day. So, I figure if these buyers are going to have problems, it should probably be here. And you do pause here, back test it, and then carry on. I chopped up more at the development value area high. Um Oh, I I missed that. But I did chop up more at the developing value every high and then and then uh at the end of the day I just closed it out cuz it it just wasn't doing anything. So at like right before the close somewhere in somewhere in was that 57 somewhere in here. Yeah, somewhere Oh, at the div.a I just exited the rest and that you know that was a solid trade. So kind of inked one out there at the buzzer. I mean, there's still a Friday session, but I I didn't I didn't do anything on uh Oh, that's I'm sorry. 57th. It was on this day. It was over here. Um I didn't do anything Friday. So, uh there was nice setup, but I I was streaming. So, I'm super distracted and like it is what it is. I don't I don't try to get too busy um when live streaming because well, one time I made a very costly mistake uh while while being distracted. So, I just try to be a bit more cautious. And that's really it my friends. So um yeah, so if you are interested in uh you know joining our chat room, me, Dan, Funk, the whole team, um you know, we we do this kind of thing all the time where we just specifically call out exactly what we're doing in the moment. Not so you can copy trade per se, right? Just so that you know, you can kind of reverse engineer the process. It's a really great place to learn the ropes. I think very healthy environment. Everyone's super supportive. Uh we have a lot of fun, you know, just like even if it's slow, just, you know, talk about stuff or whatever. Um so if you're interested in that, check out our community links in the description below. And if you want trade zones sent to your inbox every single week, two novel ideas, update from me, update from Dan. Any trade that I take, I I I do the Dan. Any trade that I take, I I I do the Dan. Any trade that I take, I I I do the playbyplay. Um these days I'll I'll preemptively call out before I even initiate something which gives people the opportunity to front run me. But um then check out the swing report links in the description below as well. And if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, we would appreciate that very much. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. And I hope to see youall next time. Farewell.