============================================================
Video: iHsO5RMJIxQ
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Semiconductor Sentiment Shifts
Date: 2025-12-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4862
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:30.961852
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We had some weakness to end this past week as semiconductors have fallen out of favor. We'll talk about if that's enough to bring down the entire market. We'll check in on the metals and the miners. Our risk on names we've been keeping an eye on the last couple of weeks. Cannabis stocks going wild and some trade review on UNH. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. So, with regard to cannabis stocks, they had a huge day Friday. That's where my focus was, 50% plus on many names as Trump is potentially going to reschedule, but I did a whole live stream on that yesterday, Friday, and that's on our YouTube channel. So, check that out because I'm not going to repeat myself in this video. So, the NASDAQ weekly lower high is set. And that definitely gets my attention as far as okay, we need to be cautious here because the times where we have seen market shifts take place have been weekly downtrends confirming. Even back here, we had the all-time high. We got right up to it and then of course that was the Trump tariff stuff going on. But there's plenty of examples where an inability to see the weekly higher high did lead to a more significant period of prolonged consolidation. That's how the bare market started in 2022. It was a weekly bull flag that failed resistance and then broke support. So, that's going to be the key support for us. Of course, the low of of a couple of weeks ago, bulls are going to be hoping that seasonality the second half of December can save things, but there's been a very glaring narrative shift where semiconductors are falling out of favor just a bit. We'll look at SMH in just a moment. You know, it's only for a few days at this point, but it's in part due to AVGO earnings reaction. Big drop there and OCL earnings reaction. And then OCL had a headline project delayed 2728 whatever. But with that, it's been semiconductor weakness. As we know, semiconductors have led this rally. The AI narrative have been leading this rally. When I'm watching the entire market as a whole, as you know, it's very notable to me when we have all major sectors dropping together. That tells me money is leaving the market. Since the FOMC reaction, that's not what's happening. It's rotation going on where XLF hit all-time highs, IWM hit all-time highs, XLV was bouncing as well. So, it's again, it's big tech and semiconductors, XLF, XLV, and other sectors in here as well. But that's generally how I'm viewing things. And since the FOMC NASDAQ down, these names up. The analogy that I was giving to chair guys members this week is you've got your sled dog team and you've got the semiconductors as your lead dog. It's your strongest dog. It's the leader. It's the most powerful. It's in the front of the pack, but it can't stay there the entire time. You got to rotate that dog out. Put another dog in the lead and give this dog a bit of a break. the second dog that you're putting up there. This week it was XLF isn't as strong. It can't take the whole market higher, but behind the scenes, it can keep from significant fear. So, the fact that XLF is breaking out, and I probably talked about it in last week, last week's video where we were looking for that to be the case heading into the FOMC. A week ago, it was XLF and IWM. Closer watch for me over the next week. If the daily bull flag can lead to a long-term sideways range break for XLF, it'll be bull's turn to lead for the first time in a long time. The reason I was watching for XLF to get a turn is because we were trading sideways for five months. So, tons of sectors going strong for five months. XLF not doing anything. Now XLF is trying to take its turn. We confirmed a monthly bull flag off EMA 12 back to all-time highs. And so now the question for me is does the rotation keep happening? Again, SPY can go down while rotation is taking place. The S&amp;P 500 hasn't officially set the weekly lower high yet. The S&amp;P 500 is stronger than the NASDAQ this past week because these other sectors were holding up while the NASDAQ was dropping. So the number one thing that I care about this coming week, the first thing is do we start weekly consolidation in the S&amp;P 500? But let's just show you an example of this rotation. So here's SMH. SMH compared to XLV, healthcare compared to semis. So healthcare was up testing all-time highs. We didn't get there, but it started pulling back the 28th to the 9th. During that period, here's semiconductors the 28th to the 10th. Straight up. No consolidation. just straight up while XLV is going literally inverse. Now XLV is bouncing for 3 days while SMH is dropping for two days. So again, it's not tick for tick. Sometimes it is. I, you know, I looked at the hourly chart one of the days this week and it was tick for tick inverse. Semis were bouncing for three hours. XLV was pulling back for three hours. So that's one thing that again as a zoomed out bull, that's what I want to be seeing take place. And so looking at the semiconductors right now again knowing we just went straight up. The drop can be significant because we didn't establish support on the way up. But at this point in time there's no major red flags. This is a 382 retracement. And my question is can semiconductor bulls form a daily higher low Monday or Tuesday and get a bounce going? Because if they can there are no red flags. As you know, for me, it's all about trends. And so, SMH bears are going to have to confirm a daily downtrend eventually if I'm going to believe that they can follow through. NVDA has been showing some weakness. It's trying to confirm a little weekly bare flag. So, there's definitely weakness in semis. I'm not denying that. And so, what does that mean? That means when I'm looking long, I'm not looking at NASDAQ related names. Tesla is one NASDAQ related name I'm still watching, and we'll talk about why in just a moment. But the the last three swing trades I've initiated were Junior Miners, Metal Miners, we'll talk about that. UNH, Healthcare, we'll talk about that, and NU, which is a financial services name. No exposure to the NASDAQ and semiconductors. I thought the semiconductors were going to pull back earlier. I was looking last week for it. Daily stair step straight up. I was looking for daily consolidation to start here. It just took a little bit longer. So, as far as I'm concerned, bigger picture, there's no major red flags, but the Friday weakness for semiconductors in the NASDAQ says, okay, you know, it's not easy street at the moment. I do need to be paying attention to the details of this rotation to see if anything behind the scenes is shifting significantly. For me, for right now, the answer for me is not yet, but it could easily turn into something significant. So, we'll see what this next week brings. But S&amp;P 500 hourly oversold was hit on Friday and we didn't resolve whether the bulls were able to follow through with the bounce or whether it led to lower lows semis healthcare. So, healthc care's weekly chart looks just fine. If that's a weekly higher low, bulls are this I mean this is another cup and handle pattern. There's so many of them. And we're going to talk about the GDXJ miners cup and handle. But again, it's just a double top into a bull flag. A cup and handle is on the table as a possibility for XLV. Now, if the simple statement is if XLV is going to be a cup and handle, that means LLY needs to be a cup and handle coming off of all-time highs, that means UNH is going to have to confirm a monthly bull or a monthly trend change. My swing entry on UNH was I'm looking for the monthly higher low. We just bounced 60 whatever percent. We got to change this monthly trend if we're putting in a long-term bottom. So the monthly higher low is now officially set only by less than 1%. But we now have to see the bulls get over 381 to follow through on this longerterm bottoming attempt. So I'm now going to go over a little bit of I did a good job go over a little bit of I did a good job go over a little bit of I did a good job of documenting step by step my process for this trade on UNH. So, we're going to go over this review a bit. I probably talked about it a bit last week, but again, my thesis was after this bounce. I had none of that bounce, but I said, "Okay, that's a big enough bounce where I'm scouting for this to be an inverse head and shoulders, and I'm going to make an entry on the daily higher low." I entered long on this Tuesday. Bear with me. Lori did as well. That helped. I didn't enter because Lori entered, but if I see Lori's entering and I already know I'm looking to enter as well, it's a little boost of confidence. So, I grabbed an age 327 stop 3199 initial target 341. Why is 341 my target? Because this left not left neck line of resistance was 343s. And I was figuring I'll pick a target that's just below that resistance. So, we then shot up the next day to 34141. And I took profit. UNH 341 first target out enough where my break even is now under where we just came from. So my break even is under with some wiggle room. We just came from 323 support. So I'm now looking at 320 as a level. And you'll note that I said out enough for a 319.99 break even stop. And it was a 327 entry. I flipped it to subtract a dollar. That doesn't matter. Um, so did I stop out by 39 on Wednesday? No. And here is where I will never pull my stop if it's the initial trade thesis playing out. I will move my stop if I've taken a partial position and I have breathing room. That gives me some malleability. Flexibility is the word. That gives me flexibility. Why? because it doesn't matter to me at all if I stop out at 319.99 break even or I stop out at 317. Either way, that doesn't impact my trading at all or my results at all. It's a difference between break even or a tiny red loss. And if it were a tiny red loss, I can I have the confidence that I can make that back with my eyes closed. So, I pull Why did I pull my stop there? Well, at that point in time, healthc care was extremely oversold. So, UNH, I'm on the verge of a break even stopout, but I'm giving XLV 4hour super stack bounce a chance to save it because the day before XLV fired off a 4hour super stack and a if if a weekly higher low is the most likely scenario, 4hour getting extreme oversold is a good spot to look for it to try and shape up. It's not the same as a back burner, but it's a similar mindset. And so that morning, this is when UNH dropped down and and got right to that level that almost stopped me out. And I said, "Okay, well XLV is extreme. We double bottomed at the low of the day of the previous day while UNH broke without much follow-through. Say, all right, I'll give a little wiggle room and see if XLV can rally off of this 4hour superstack." And the answer is, yeah, two days straight up. And that saved the trade. And so now I'm still in that UNH position with a a stop. And now that's a hard stop for me under 31960. And my target is 400 plus. So I'm either going to sell this 400 plus months down the road or I'm going to stop out break even. But I just wanted to give the example of when it's okay to pull a stop and have some maneuverability and why I did so because of the ETF and the [snorts] relationship of the ETF to the individual name and everything I just talked about encompasses so many little facets of trading when you're learning things and you're putting all the pieces of the puzzle together to to get anyways XLF So XLF monthly bull flag confirmed. We talked about uh oh, we're about to see XLF join team bear. Can we hold this level? The answer is yes. We double bottomed at it. Can we break this resistance? The answer is yes. We're now over it. Daily consolidation from here. Bulls want to see a back test of this zone hold. And the zone for me is more like this at this point. It's a wide one, but we want to see bulls hold a daily higher low, ideally over 54 to hold a back test here and just keep the daily uptrend going to follow through on the new all-time high because we hit back here is when we were hitting all-time highs with no follow through. No follow through, struggling, no follow through, and then months of sideways. So, we got to follow through this time. So in this moment strongest major sector is XLF very clearly XLV still the middle of the road and SMH last few days clearly the weakest bigger picture bears have a lot more proving to do. IWM got that all-time high but no follow through and that's IWM is notorious for that as well. Same thing. We got this all-time high back here. Struggling. Not really doing much. Pulling back into monthly consolidation, but the monthly bull flag did confirm and bulls want to maintain the daily uptrend. Keep an eye out on the biotech sector to potentially put in a top. We're riding daily EMA 12 for the last almost a month, but it's a potential head and shoulders here. And the reason I'm a little cautious is just the monthly chart has set a higher low every single month for eight months in that time from the lows. The entire sector has gone up 88%. Monthly consolidation's coming and I'll be watching how much monthly consolidation, but ideally bulls want to hold a back test of this zone as support for a monthly higher low. There's no sign of it right now. I just know I'm watching for monthly consolidation in the biotech sector. And so if we were to see this week roll around and we drop down and break 12066 and confirm this head and shoulders, that would show us the first shift in at least a month and that would potentially be shaping up the monthly consolidation. I'm not sure if the healthc care sector has to show weakness for that to happen. Sometimes they disconnect. Very often they're trading similarly. Something I'm watching for the rest of the month. All right, individual names. Tesla, lot of volatility. It's still a potential monthly cup and handle. I'm gonna have exposure in Tesla one way or the other. I day trade it all the time, but uh I am trying to hold a swing position for a monthly cup and handle and all-time highs. I like the way it's been trading. You got to have the stomach for volatility. for example, I mean, Friday started so strong. Bell rings, we rip. Well, I guess three and a half%. That's not that much, but three and a half% straight up. Then we get back four and a half% and then by the end of the day, we're back up 4%. What's been standing out to me is the defense of the daily EMA 12. Every single time we've tested daily EMA 12 the last six times the low of the day has bounced right off of it including Thursday and Friday. So my simple statement is if daily EMAs 12 is support the bulls have full control. This was a little equilibrium that broke bull. It looked sketchy Friday more late morning and then bull saved it with a nice close. So, this is the highest close that Tesla has seen in over a month. And we're watching the right side of the cup resistance. So, here's the resistance zone on Tesla. That is key. 465 to 474. And then, of course, it's the all-time high, but I'm still liking the way it's trading. I will size down or exit completely depending on what the NASDAQ is doing. But now, 440 is a key support for me. Definitely want to see bulls hold that because if we lose 440, we got to be cautious of a weekly lower high in Tesla. But I like the relative strength to the NASDAQ on Friday and I like the way we closed there. So we'll see if bulls can pull it off. Risk on names. So we talked about these a bit the last couple of weeks. Look how similar they all look. Again, they're still doing the same thing. October 13th, we top out. Big drop. Stairstep weekly drop for many names. weekly inside bar bounce underway but a red week this week and we know a weekly lower high is the most likely result of the current bounce. So is the weekly lower high being set? Bulls definitely need to be cautious of that. I don't have any swing exposure in these names because the weekly lower high is the most likely result and I don't have high conviction in the bullish setups for them. But we got the quantum names and all the quantum looks similar to this. We got the rare earth names, CRML, US looking very similar. Again, as I talked about, because these names are so volatile, this looks like a weak bounce, right? That's 50%. That's a 66% bounce. You get half of that, you just got 33%. On what is a weak bounce, but because you go up hundreds of percent and you pull back 70%, even weak moves zoomed out are still very large percentage moves. So, we're watching for the potential weekly lower highs. Bears got to prove it. But Rare Earth, who else? Robots RR, same setup. STV, same setup, bigger bounces, retracement size, but same thing. October 13th, stairstep drop, not an inside bar. There was relative strength in STRV, but you get the idea. All these risk on names, all doing very similar things. Even cryptoreated names. BMNR, same thing. MSTR, same thing. Weaker bounce, but so keep an eye on them. Th those are more my day trading names because they are so volatile. I'll day trade Quantum. I'll day trade US, but uh not comfortable swing trading them with the weekly lower high, the most likely scenario. All right, metals dollar. So the dollar rejected hard from this wall. That is the line in the sand for a longerterm resistance level and we are in monthly consolidation. Can the bulls form a monthly high or low or not? That's the question we have from here. But some sideways chopping around over the last six months. While that's been happening, we know metals have been on fire. So gold tested the all-time high Friday. Didn't quite get there. So all-time high still resistance, daily uptrend still our guide. And the big question here as well, same thing. Are we setting a weekly lower high to test weekly EMA 12 again? Or can we push through to new all-time highs this week, this coming week? Silver already got there. Silver is a stud of a bull. This is definitely my best trade of the year, although it probably initiated in 2024, but big follow-through in new all-time highs and just surging. Uh, looking really good. Daily uptrends our guide here. So, we can say anything above 5645 is just another higher low. I am reminding myself, okay, look at these monthly charts, right? Let's not get over exuberant. Let's remind ourselves monthly consolidation is coming. We have gone up over 100% on silver since last monthly consolidation. Gold has been a monthly stairst step for 36 I lost count. 3 6 9 12. This is the 13th month in a 3 6 9 12. This is the 13th month in a 3 6 9 12. This is the 13th month in a row. And before that it was just one lower wick. I mean it's been a stair step. 3 6 9 12 15 18 20 22 months of step. 3 6 9 12 15 18 20 22 months of step. 3 6 9 12 15 18 20 22 months of monthly stairst step aside from one little wick that has me cautious. Yes, bulls can trend especially in commodities in blue sky breakout for a long time. Absolutely. I'm not trying to nail a top. But again, I just remind myself just like when there's massive fear in the market, I remind myself what euphoria felt like. When there's massive euphoria, I remind myself, what did fear look like? Feel those emotions. Don't forget them. Don't get complacent. And so, I entered GDXJ because this is an environment where you look for lagards and GDX. The miners were lagging silver. And I was looking for this to be a cup and handle. Why? Because we had this resistance. Again, it's not a picture perfect cup, but there's your resistance. You come up and you reject just below it and then you bull flag. You set a support level 10407. You hold it by 32 cents. And I went long Jay-nug on Tuesday out. If GDXJ breaks 104. So I was just using that level. That's my thesis. That's a bull flag or I'm wrong. If that's going to be a bull flag, 104 is going to hold. So, my stop is if 104 breaks, I'm in probably here on Tuesday, something like that. And I exited half of the position, a quarter of it pre-market because of the gap up. And I exited another quarter of it once I saw the metals significantly consolidating on Friday. And again, my reasoning was, all right, I would rather leave money on the table than give profits back with these monthly charts looking the way they do. Uh but still in a half position, can't lose on the trade now. And uh still in the silver position. So definitely keeping an eye for red flags, but none yet. Oil. I was looking for an oil monthly higher low. And I was looking for a two-day inverse head and shoulders to make an entry. I was looking for a two-day higher low. A statement where I can say that's the two-day higher low or I'm wrong. But I never got that statement close. On Wednesday, I was close to looking long and then Thursday said me, not going to do it. So, still testing this support, still keeping an eye out for a monthly higher low, but again, I laid out this this the setup in advance. Two-day inverse head and shoulders where I scout the right shoulder and the two-day higher low is the trade I'm looking for. Same thing with UNH daily inverse head and shoulders. This is how the trade's going to shape up and come to me or I'm not going to take it. The amount of times I'll say in the chat room, I'm looking for this entry. If we gap, you know, even I said it for Netflix this week, I probably said it after Wednesday. I said if Netflix gaps down, I'll make a long attempt. It didn't gap down. I don't make an attempt. The trade didn't come to me exactly as I wanted it to give me a high probability, high conviction setup. So, I didn't take the trade and I moved on and found found something else. And so, it's the same thing with oil. This is how I want it. It didn't give it to me how I want it. So, I move on because there's 150 things to trade in this market. And so, I say it so many times, but utilize that power as a trader. Be picky. Imagine you're dating. And you know, you're not going to settle for a jerk partner. You want what you want. I'm either going to get what I want or I'm moving on. That's powerful. And to to be able to have that mindset, you got to not care about missing moves. Once you watch 10,000 moves take place, you realize there's endless opportunities. So, you feel FOMO a little bit less. All right, I think I'm done talking. Recap. Financial sector now leading the way as the lead bull. Semi's pulling back. Semi's no major red flags on the pullback at this point. Oh, I want to make one more point. Headlines. You will often find information in the reaction to headlines when you've been bullish and a bullish headline doesn't lead to bullish action or you've been bearish and a bearish headline doesn't lead to bearish action or let's look at examples. Um NVDA. So NVDA had a bounce underway. We had a headline. I I guess it was what? China. They can sell chips to China. So, we're at the high of the bounce at that point. Big after hours move. We closed that day on the 8th, Monday, at 185s. After hours are up at 191. By the time Tuesday rolls around, we gave the entire move back. It's like that news didn't even happen. And China came out and said, "Uh, there might be restrictions or whatever that you could point to that as a reason." But the bullish news was erased. From that point forward, the NVDA bears took over again. We had this candle after hours. We're trading up here and then it turns into an inside bar with an inside bar bear break. We then roll over. So, a nonbullish reaction to what otherwise would have been bullish news. Likewise, financial sector, financial sector had bearish news right here. We were ready to go and then we had what was it? JPM changed one of their outlooks and then there was also they might get down banks might be downgraded for crypto exposure. Whatever the headlines were, we dumped that day into the afternoon. The bulls were looking great. We got right up to a key resistance and then ah that's a hard rejection. That was the low. That was the best point to buy this past week was on the bearish headline dump. And we then did nothing but go up from that point. That marked the daily higher low into continuation. The biotech sector did it. I don't know if I'm going to be able to find it here. Maybe the 20th. Somebody retired. Somebody in the government retired or something stepping down and that led to a big dump in the biotech sector. I'm not sure if this is when it was, but whenever it happened, it was the best time to buy. It was right here. There's your headline reaction for 30 minutes. That's the best time to buy. From there, we went from 11772 and saw continuation to a new high. So, I'm not saying buy bearish headlines and short bullish headlines. I'm saying if you're in a prevailing uptrend and have been coming from strength and you get a sucker punch headline down and it's not ruining the structure of the chart, neither XBI nor XLF lost the daily uptrend on the bearish news reaction. But you can look for that for an entry opportunity. And my style would be playing the short-term oversold bounce, selling partial, sticking a stop under the low, and then hoping you get that uh non non-react non-event headline. All right, do good things. Let's see if the semis can form a daily higher low early this week. If we see 50% plus retracement from where we just came from on the bounce, the red flags will brighten. Cannabis, check out the live stream. Thanks. Likes and shares appreciated.