============================================================
Video: 5DaZVFPSMSo
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Gap Fill Targets
Date: 2025-05-24
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7363
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:44.229322
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys, trader and technical analyst for the last 14 and a half years. We're going to be checking in on the markets as we saw bears follow through a bit. On Wednesday's video, we talked about how they proved something for the first time. Then we get some headline help and a bit more pullback. The big question is, is this a longer term top? And we're now going to pull back for multiple weeks. We'll talk about what we need to see to help answer that question. We had uranium stocks on fire due to headlines, quantum stocks on fire, we have silver as a top watch. I'm going to give a trade review on Friday. Something that's never happened to me before in terms of my swing trading is currently underway and we'll see how it plays out. Let's get to the charts. Reminder, we're running our spring sale for another week where you have access to our chat room community. Daily live stream $75 a month. Free morning volume surge indicator included. Link in the comments of the YouTube video. Check it out. I'll show you later in this video how multiple times this chat room community made me money on Friday. All right, so NASDAQ futures to start it off and again Wednesday's video. The big key was breaking the Moody's low. That's all I cared about because it was a simple statement. If the Moody's low does not break, then the bulls have complete control. As soon as that Moody's low breaks, we say, "Okay, something has shifted. This is the first time in a month bears have proven anything. Let's see now if they can follow through." It's almost just like a little heads up, little shift potentially underway. And we did see that follow through. We got the headline from Trump with EU tariff stuff and Apple negative Apple stuff that definitely dropped it and the tech sector a bit. And we can see that the bounce on Friday, it was a good bounce from morning lows. Where are we here? One hour time frame. So good bounce from the morning lows. But this previous support is acting as resistance at the moment. You can see we dipped down and held it into this zone into this zone. That's when we were watching this hourly megaphone which ended up breaking bare. So again, this was the megaphone I was keeping an eye on. So bare break of the megaphone and now we are bouncing and rejecting from previous support now resistance. So I would anticipate if we had more trading to go on Friday that we would be looking for this to be an equilibrium and to tighten up. But all I care about Tuesday morning with Monday being a holiday is do the bulls confirm an hourly uptrend to get some bounce follow through or does the hourly downtrend remain intact and we drop to lower lows. That's going to be the first bit of information that we're going to get this coming week. But overall the next big check mark for the bears. So first check mark break the Moody's low get a little follow through. All right we got it. So we got to confirm a daily downtrend. Again, we just went through, look at the weekly chart, an entire month of all bulls, and this is the most bearish week, pretty much an inside bar, but the most bearish week in the last five weeks. And the daily time frame still closing right on EMA12, but you know, generally I see I look for a loss of that daily EMA 12 if we're going to create the space for a daily lower high to be the most likely result of the next bounce. Uh, so if I'm a bear, I would like another leg down. you know, ideally give give me a big leg down to create a head and shoulders type of setup, but it's just not there quite yet. We need a little bit more space. But anyways, the most important thing into the end of May for me is do bears confirm a daily downtrend? Because again, that would be a a glaring flashing signal. This is the first time this has happened since our fear capitulation lows and that would be pretty significant. So, looking at the S&amp;P 500, a a much more bearish week, and there are little gaps here to be watching. You know, the NASDAQ futures has a gap. The financial sector already filled its weekly gap, but there's a gap there to be keeping an eye out for as a potential target for the bears. The S&amp;P 500 again is much weaker as the financial sector and the healthc care sector generally speaking were weaker than big tech and semis this past week. But again, a little gap here on the S&amp;P 500 futures. And there is more space for a potential daily lower high to be the result of the next bounce if we're going to see, you know, if I'm a bear, I really want one more leg down into uh the start of Tuesday to create this space because if we start a b a daily bounce from here, it's possible we see continuation. It's just not quite enough pullback to have the high conviction of a daily lower high. But bears at least giving themselves a chance. We'll see if they can confirm that daily downtrend. If they can't, we're not going to go a whole lot further down. Semiconductors, same thing. Look at this gap down here. So, we got this gap. That's my editing software. Shut up. So, we got this gap down here at 22536. That's a potential short-term target for bears to be keeping an eye on. We look at the daily chart. Okay, we lost DMA12, gap down again. Same thing with the hourly bounce. Decent hourly bounce. Do we confirm the hourly uptrend or head back down to the lows? And just at a glance, you can look at NVDA and say, "Okay, it's holding on a little bit stronger. We're holding daily EMA 12. I mean, this is a bull flag. There are no red flags on this consolidation right now, considering the size of the move to get up here. This is very healthy consolidation. That said, earnings are on Wednesday and that's going to have a significant impact on SMH and that's going to have a significant impact on QQQ. So, this is this is the fundamental event for this coming week for me personally, uh, just because of its impact. If it's a bull reaction for NVDA, we're going to be looking right back up at the the 140s and 150s in the all-time high zone. If it's a bearish reaction, the bulls are comfortable in the sense that even on a bearish reaction, we're looking for a weekly higher low compared to 95. You know, we could drop 15% on an earnings reaction and still look for a weekly higher low. So, comfortable in that regard. Definitely one of the lead bouncing bulls over the last month. So, keep an eye on that name, especially for peers. Tesla is also showing relative strength. Again, same thing. You know, look at this back here. Is there any difference between this period of bull flag consolidation and this period of consolidation? The answer is no. There's no difference at all. Uh and you see, uh we could see the relative strength all Friday inside bar. Everything was gapping down. So, the few names that were not gapping down stood out as if I'm looking to look for a bounce in the broader market. I'm looking at quantum names that are holding way strong. I'm looking at uranium names that were, you know, gapping up and just looking for hourly higher lows. And I'm looking at any name that doesn't break its low of Friday as a lead bull. And those were all the names that performed the best when the NASDAQ did bounce Friday morning. So Tesla is a top watch because the simple statement is if daily EMA 12 is support, it's a bull flag. The only way this is not a bull flag is if bears prove to us that it is not by knocking us down under 330 and losing that level. If it is a bull flag, the next resistance zone is up at 367 to be keeping an eye on. And again, big big picture, let's zoom out. I'm going to do a long-term patterns video again uh probably in a a few weeks. But uh there's a lot of monthly equilibriums we're watching. sneak peek. RIVN, LYFT, GME, some of those are breaking bull. RIVM broke bull. GME is trying to break bull. We'll talk about GME in just a bit here towards the end of the video. But Tesla is a monthly equilibrium all-time high, big pullback, higher low. I am scouting a lower high compared to 488 as the most likely scenario eventually. I'm not, you know, the daily chart's bullish, so I'm not looking right now, but I'm going to be watching for something like this because that's the most common scenario when you get that significant amount of volatility. You know, essentially just a a more drawn out larger range version of this big move up, big retracement, lower high, higher low, tightening up for a bunch of months opportunity when the tightening range breaks. So, we'll be watching for that all year essentially into the second half of this year. But for now, daily bull flag attempt. Very healthy sideways consolidation. Financial sector had three gap down opens in a row. So gap down, gap down, gap down, gap filled on the weekly chart. And again, weekly consolidation clearly underway. Anything above 4514 is a weekly higher low. So big picture, you know, bears really want monthly lower highs to be the result of this bounce. And the first baby step towards a monthly lower high is a confirmed daily downtrend. So again looking at the financial sector as an example, this has been a straight drop from the high. Do we confirm a daily downtrend as a result of the next bounce to follow through with more significant weekly consolidation? That is the big question from here. Oftentimes the past couple of weeks there has been the rotation game going on. SMH and QQQ lead bulls while XLF and XLV are consolidating and at the low of the day and vice versa has been happening a bit. We know bears ideally want to see all major sectors dropping together. That did happen on some of the headline reactions that we saw. It happened on the the 20-year bond reaction earlier this week. But XLV remains our lead bear sector. It's been the case for the while ever since we started watching for yearly consolidation to end last year. And we could say that if we're going to head back to fear lows, XLV is going to be one of the first major sectors to do it and it did, hitting that fresh low with the help of UNH. Talk about UNH in just a moment. So the big question now is can XLV bulls confirm a daily uptrend? The most important resistance for me is now 13509. Simple statement. If 13509 is resistance, the bears have complete control. What the bulls are hoping for is that this is a falling wedge because we did break fear lows with no followthrough. And so bears, I should say bulls are hoping for bare exhaustion. So keeping an eye out for that and not going to forget that a yearly higher low is the most likely result for the healthc care sector. I'd be, you know, if I'm going to look for a yearly higher low, I'd like it closer to EMA 12 with further downside. You know, PEP, I'm looking for a yearly higher low. Not right now, but uh in the future, definitely watching for it. A name that's run like that. You know, you show me this chart, you don't tell me the time frame, you don't tell me anything about it. You say, "Is this a red flag?" No, not at all. This is very healthy consolidation. It's inevitable. You can't go straight up. We just don't often see because of the straightup bull market that we've been seeing since 2008. You don't really often see yearly consolidation in charts that look like this. Uh but this is a great example. And that was part of the long-term patterns video where we were looking at the first confirmed three-month downtrend in 15 years, whatever it was. And great bare follow-through from that extra 10 20% of downside. But uh monthly is oversold. Just getting there. So again, I'm starting to get interested, but I'm not going to just scale into weakness. You know, I need I need some sign that things are shifting and knowing that I'm looking on the yearly time frame. You know, even a weekly uptrend confirming uh is not too late. So, what was I talking about? XLF, no XLV, UNH. So, UNH is trying to put in a fear climax bottom and we got to confirm the trend change. There was relative strength on Friday. It held up pretty well all things considered. Uh we've got the look at the amount of gaps we're getting here. We had a gap down, gap up, gap up, gap up, three gap up bearish reversal pattern marked the top. Gap down, gap down, no gap on Friday. But again, the big question is, can we confirm the daily uptrend? Must do it. Simple statement here is bears still have the driver's seat if 325 is resistance. So aggressive bulls are keeping an eye out for a daily higher low. We broke the low of Thursday with no followthrough. So bulls are trying to build a little base in the 290s. Not really convincing yet. Get back over 300 and a bull can then make a statement. 291 is either the daily high or low or I'm wrong and use that as a stop level because 248 is too far away in terms of having a good riskreward. So, got to confirm that daily uptrend if that's going to be a longer term fear bottom and obviously what the healthc care sector does is going to have an impact. So, keeping an eye on that. Quantum QBTS lead Quantum Bull putting on an absolute show. Got the all-time high over $1215 and did not look back. Very quick 50% move. Again, as we know, these names are extremely volatile. They're extremely speculative from a fundamental perspective, but they've got the volume and the liquidity, which is all I care about as a trader. And uh again, you know, so many times I say in these videos, we're going to be trading anti-gravity stocks in a decade. We have no idea there's going to be more opportunities than you can imagine. As long as markets exist, there's going to be another opportunity. And the majority of my profits in 2025 come from day trading quantum stocks. And again, if two years ago, if you asked me, are you trading quantum stocks? I wouldn't be able to name a quantum stock and I'd say, 'N no, I don't know anything about it. And then just very quickly an opportunity presents itself and you jump on it because you have confidence in your technical analysis and trading ability and that's the only thing that matters. Fundamentals don't matter at all when you have that kind of confidence. But my point is, you know, everybody keeps talking about once in a generation opportunity or whatever. They they keep coming. I mean, this these names gave us thousands of percent gains and there's going to be another hype sector. Maybe it turns into something, maybe it doesn't, but it's going to go a thousand%. So, uh, just keep in mind that this is this is the way the game's always been since I playing, which is again 14 years, and I can I can list eight different once in a lifetime thousand% plus runs. So QBTS daily. We're going to be looking for hourly back burner. So we had this was a the launch here was up. Looks like we might be topping out. We held that double bottom. We broke it by two pennies and then we're not done yet. New alltime highs. So we will be watching for back burners. We'll be watching for first hourly oversold to mark. We hit fiveminute oversold into the end of the day. But first hourly oversold to try and mark a daily higher low. That's not close to happening. you know, we would need to pull back significantly. But again, that's why it's called a back burner. I'm not looking for this trade on Tuesday, but I know that sometime next week, it might present itself to me. I put it on the back burner until then and wait for those conditions to arise. But it's a real strong name. And then there was rotation. So QBTS was the lead bull. And if you look at from the close on Tuesday, and this is this is the standard when something's in blue sky breakout and has euphoria, you look for the rotation to peers eventually. Uh we first started seeing signs of it earlier this week, but we went an additional 18% from the close on Thursday. RGTI close on Thursday. Wait, no, that was Tuesday, wasn't it? Close on Tuesday. RGTI from the close on Tuesday into the end of the week ended up going 23%. So a little bit more. IO NQ from the close of Tuesday. This was the most clear example. Ended up going 38% more. So QBTS led the way up. It was the star of the show. It was Blue Sky Breakout. And then OQ became the star of the show after that. QBTS didn't top out. There were still gains to be had there, but significantly more, twice as many on NQ. And now ONQ is keeping an eye on all-time highs. Uh we got RGTI still a long ways away. You wouldn't be shocked to set a monthly lower high just like I'm talking about on Tesla. But because these are low cap names and are easier to move, uh I'm less confident in a monthly equilibri. I'm still It's still the most likely scenario for me. But if you told me, is it more likely for Tesla or or RGTI to give you a monthly equilibrium, I'd choose Tesla just because the larger the market cap, the more volume would be needed to to see the less likely scenario take place. But all this said, uh great trading opportunity in both directions, mostly for the bulls obviously, but uh once we do top out into daily consolidation, there'll be great opportunities for the bears as well. So whenever the quantum sector heats up like this, I know that every day that I sit down at the desk in the morning and I'm looking for what am I going to trade today, uh that's at the top of the list. And oftent times, you know, I may may not get any position on the morning. I was very frustrated because I pressed market buy on QBTS along with a bunch of other chart guys members and only a couple of us got filled and I did not. My my market order sat there. I pressed it at 1760s market buy. it sat there. We shoot up above 18 and I then have to pull the the order because I don't know when it's going to fill me. I don't want it to fill me at 18:30 right before we drop a couple percent. The trade is then the thesis is out the window at that point. Uh, and it was very frustrating just because, you know, that's that's an easy day maker with how much follow-through we got and if I had left a runner and uh, so that was frustration and that told me, nope, I can't. I'm I'm now in timeout for the next 30, 45 minutes at least because I'm frustrated and the last thing I want to do is trade while frustrated. Uh, but that's the way it goes sometimes, especially on a very popular high volume stock. That was a bummer, but I'll be trading it next week. And again, long or short, uh, I'm not sure yet. Monthly or an hourly equilibrium. We'll see the direction that that breaks. Uh, OQ definitely on watch for an hourly tightening range as well. So, some hourly equilibriums. And if I am looking long up at these levels, definitely walking up a tight stop just because I know that when we do see daily consolidation, it's a very easy 15 20% pullback potentially. Uranium had a headline, you know, Trump looking to sign beneficial uranium, yada yada, whatever. But CCJ huge volume gap up, strong close. It sure looks like all-time highs are back in the picture. We definitely need to be cautious of uh megaphone resistance but you know for that to come in play we would need 65 which is a long ways away and again the volume is what is screaming here the strong close is great you know bull flag confirming ok another name just monster gap up monster volume all-time high zone upper 50s just back in the picture back in the conversation after uranium went through a big pullback and that's the thing again you know uranium more speculative than other sectors, more subject to regular you know policy decisions but uh look at these this volatility where you just go this is one of the major names in the sector CCJ plus 75% over the span of three months and then a pullback of 44% over a half a year and now Vshape 60 just beautiful volatility but in terms of investing and long-term holding man you got to sit through some draw downs. That's very difficult to do. But uh top bull watch, tons of space for hourly higher lows on consolidation. And again, this sector is going to be attempting all-time highs here in the short term. The dollar weekly lower high set off EMA 12 pulling back down towards the lows. We know the bears are in control. If you're a bull in metals, you want to see the bear break here. Just a note, you know, just as I'm talking about the dollar, it flashes into my mind. Oh yeah, mentioned something about, you know, bonds and rates and things like that. I just want to make it clear that yes, macro perspective, you know, rates and things obviously matter. Uh, but as a full-time trader and more often day trader, bonds have never made a factor in a decision I've ever made on a trade in my life. Thousands of trades. That's not the case for everybody, but just with my style, it is. So, just want to be very clear, you know, I I care what those rates are. Just, you know, maybe I want to buy some some longerterm treasuries and lock away some cash at a percent. You know, I I care about it for that regard. But in terms of my trading decisions, it makes absolutely no difference. So, you got everybody watching these things and watching Japan and, you know, okay, the 20-year hits the highest level in a year and a half. You know, I understand why you're watching. I'm not saying it's not useful. I'm just saying that it has zero factor in my analysis. You know, why why do I need to be using the 20-year bonds to guess what the S&amp;P 500 is going to do when I can just use the S&amp;P 500's trend levels and, you know, key supports and resistances. So, just that's why I don't talk about them much at all. And and you you find other people that do, you know, wrap up analysis like I'm doing and they focus on it significantly. And that's just because they're probably older than me and have a more traditional uh background with the markets. Uh and for me, it's just not a factor whatsoever. But dollar bear or gold silver bulls hope we keep dropping to lower lows. Gold looks just fine. We had a a weekly downtrend confirm with zero followthrough. I'm watching this channel which is trying to break bull. It's a twoe bull flag. As we know, when you confirm a trend with zero followthrough, you zoom out and scout a flag. That's a two-week bull flag that looks just fine. No red flags whatsoever. Daily RSI cooled off significantly. Weekly cooled off a bit. So again, weekly EMA 12 has been holding for all year. Nothing changes if that is support at this point. Silver has been a top watch for me the last few weeks. We got a bull break on the daily. We rejected hard from weekly resistance, but a great recovery Friday to put this back into play again. Why silver is a top watch? Because the riskreward of the setup. If this low breaks, I'm wrong and I'm stopped out. If this breaks bull, we have a double top at 13-year highs. And if that breaks bull, things open up a good bit. So risk maybe, you know, a dollar, reward $5. So, keep a top watch on silver. The miners had a ton of strength compared to the metals on Friday. We're testing resistance, but again, same deal with uh a really nice recovery. Weekly downtrend confirmed and holding that EMA 12 was clutch. We've now held it three of the past tests. So, again, my top watch on the long side. Again, quantum a little bit overheated for sure, but you know, uranium, what's what's the common theme here, Bitcoin and crypto with Bitcoin at all-time highs, uranium, gold, silver, I mean, uh, commodities for some of them. Bitcoin, not necessarily commodity. You can argue whatever, but uh, commodities on watch, you know, I I know a lot of people, Joey and crew are watching uranium or platinum, I should say. Platinum with a significant bull break. Copper is probably doing something. So, tightening range, weekly equilibrium on rejection. So, failing right at 6440. If we drop down and break $60, then we got a standard weekly equilibrium. Higher low. Is this a lower high forming? Bears are going to try and prove it. We can easily keep tightening up into mid June if that's the case. Base at 60 you can see. So trying to defend it. Bears are hoping it's a 12hour head and shoulders to set a weekly lower high. We'll have to prove it to start next week and break 60 to keep tightening up. Natural gas. Again, I'm not going to have any interest in this setup, but if I were, it would be the play for the weekly higher low. Again, I just don't have any conviction. It can be a head and shoulders or it can be a monthly high or low. It's just not a setup in my wheelhouse. I don't know. I don't know. Uh what else? Natural gas. That's it. All right. Let's do trade review. All right. So, the thing that's never happened to me before is Friday morning, zero plans for a swing trade. Friday midday, zero plans for a swing trade. And yet, Friday into the close, I have two swing positions that I am now swinging into next week. So, I'll explain how that happened and the decision-making process. And again, just going to highlight how awesome the Chuck Guys community is and how grateful I am because in two of those instances, it is other people bringing my attention to things that led to me making money. And it's not, again, nobody's telling me to buy. It's essentially an analogy where, you know, we're on a river and I'm a fisher. I'm have experience with fishing. I've got my tackle box. I've got all the lures I like to use. You know, I've got a good casting style, but there's other people on the river and they are pointing, hey, maybe you want to try over here. Okay, I go over to that spot and then I use my skill set to try and catch those fish. So, we'll go into a couple of those examples. The first one is my my failed trade. And this was again hourly bounce. Hourly lower high is the most likely scenario on QQQ. I recognize a rising wedge and so I look short. So at 10:48 I'm short. QQQ stops over the high of the day and I'm playing the rising wedge. 5101 is my stop. So what I was looking at was if we zoom into the two-minute time frame just to get a bit better details and draw this wedge. It was bull break, new high of the day, no follow through, and then just uh a lack of any follow-through. So, I was looking at this as a rising wedge, and I was making an attempt to short. So, I'm short at 10:40, whatever. 10 right here. So, let's just say worst fill on that candle or now would be the best fill. Let's just say 509. It was better than that. But if I'm short at 509, my stop is 5101. I'm risking a dollar and a penny. We then pull back just above 507. So that's $2 pullback. And that's not even the move I'm looking for. That's the start. Okay, the pattern broke. But I then sell a third of my position because I know that it's entirely possible that that bare break is just going to set a 15minute higher low. And if this bounce is going to keep going, we are then going to confirm a 15minute uptrend. And so I want to protect myself. I've got a little bit of follow-through in the direction that I want. I exit a third. And now my break even stop can go above the high of a day. Initially, you know, I'm risking a half day loser or a 30 a third of a day half day loser or a 30 a third of a day half day loser or a 30 a third of a day loser, whatever it is. And then as soon as I get an initial move in my favor and I scale some out, my cost basis improves and I'm now risk- free. I was wrong. I stop out. I don't lose a thing. That has been the theme of 2025 for me where just looking back at my results, you know, I'm in base hit consistency mode over the last bunch of months and I was looking back on Friday. Again, the day loser level for me is a level where if this is hit, you're done for the day. It's to ensure that I don't go into a downward spiral. I go on tilt and next thing I know, I gave back a month of profits. No, you hit this level, you're done. And I have hit a day loser level one time in the last 45 trading days. And it granted it was a multiple day loser because when you get in that kind of streak sometimes uh you get a little bit invincible and that loss can end up a bit bigger than you normally would let it because you've been on such a winning streak. But the reason it's been 1 in 45 days is because of this more conservative style where I get risk-free quickly. And when I'm wrong, I'm generally wrong with a break even stopout or a very small loss. And so the wins, you know, the the win days mixed in there aren't huge. They're base hits, but uh it's it's great consistency. You know, if you added up the 45 days of profits, it's probably still under the most profitable day I've ever had in a single day. Uh it's just the base hit mindset, which I'm enjoying very much because it certainly limits draw down significantly in my day trading account, while the draw downs in my swing trading account are more significant because I'm sitting through daily consolidation and not nearly as tight leashed on it. So, that was the failed trade and we ended up getting that hourly lower high right into the end of the day. But uh you know, no regrets, no lessons. Pretty much that's the way it goes. GME. So, Kellamine, shout out first thing in the morning. GME looking peppy, right? That's not telling me to buy or anything. That's that's just saying, hey, look at this shiny thing. Okay, I'm keeping an eye on GME now. Why? Because yesterday was a big green day. I know I'm scouting a monthly equilibrium to potentially break bull here as we're building a base and we're testing now heading to resistance 3440. So if 3440 breaks, it's a monthly uptrend. When's the last time GME has confirmed a monthly uptrend. We have not done so since the insanity days of 2021. That's significant if that breaks bull trying for that long-term shift. So I know that the previous day was high volume in all bulls. And if we're looking peppy in the first 30 minutes, uh, that tells me we could be getting that continuation. Okay, so now what? Now, okay, she tells she posts and I keep an eye on it. Uh, but I'm not doing anything immediately because, you know, it's just running whatever I'm doing. I'm focused on other things. Then I check back in on it and 15-minute consolidation is underway. As we know the the later morning trade strategy, look on our website or Google chart guys later morning trade strategy for a video all about it is when one direction proves itself significantly all morning. You look for the 15minute higher low in this instance uh to to look for a potential continuation. It's essentially you missed it, but there's still a potential second chance to get in. And it's a 15-minute higher low that we look for off EMA2. And so we had a number of people two-minute stairst step looking for a 15-minute higher low. Uh played for the 15-minute high. I posted right after I did a little maneuvering. And so we had the two-minute consolidation. It was a waterfall drop. And Dr. Dredge was in there as well. But I Let's see. I got a fill at 3117. The low was 3115. How did I get such a good fill? Well, number one, it was one scalein of a potential two scalins. When I'm nailing the bottom with my first attempt, uh it's it's not just would have been one and done. I would have entered there and I probably would have entered my second position on a break of 31. But the reason I'm entering there is because of this support zone. Look at all of this support from the way up. And then we come back and test it. One minute RSI is almost oversold. It's essentially a straight drop of what 3% plus. So 15minute EMA prior price support one minute RSI on the verge of oversold and then when I'm looking for my first entry I'm staring at the bid in the ask. My buy market order is filled out and I'm staring and on the way down you're clearly seeing a bunch of selling into the bid and it's just taking out the bid and and volume and dropping lower. And I'm not even watching level two. I'm watching the quote box bid ask and the price movement there. And I'm just watching it sell into the bid, bid, bid, bid, bid. And then the first couple ticks up where it buys the ask and it hits the ask and it moves at a penny and it hits the ask and moves at a penny. Boom. I'm in. It's just the tiniest, slightest shift. Am I betting that that's the bottom? I'm about to nail the bottom. No. I'm saying, okay, that's the the first entry that I want, and I will make another entry if 31 breaks, and then I will place my stop loss based on a dollar risk that I'm willing to take on those two positions. As soon as the one minute bounce gets going after my first entry, game plan changed. I am no longer going to enter a second position. This is now my position. I exit a 3126. Very quickly. That was too quick. Was it 26? I think so. Should have zoomed that up. Yeah, 26. Too quick. All right, there's a little lesson. Uh, too quick. Why? The one minute bounce wasn't even going yet. I'm not sure why I did that. Anyways, um, so exit a third at 26, exit a second third at 49. So at that point in time, my break even is 39 30 38 roughly 30 under 31. So break even just under 31 on my remaining position. I can stick a stop loss at 3099 under the psychological level and worst case scenario I don't lose a dollar. Same as the Kikq trade in again in hindsight I should have waited for the one minute bounce to be underway. 3140 should have been my first scale out. 3160 should have been my second scale out. But uh in the end it worked out. And so honestly, I forgot a bit about this position where I'm either going to stop out or by the end of the day I got to do something with it. And so I did not anticipate that we would see this significant continuation. You know, I was off the computer midday. I went to the plant nursery. I was buying plants. And so I come back in the afternoon and I see this end of the day close where we ramp up above 33 and we close at the high of the day and we're in a big two-day breakout. So I went from this is just a day trade 15 minute high or low leave a runner and then next thing you know I got a swing position. Why am I swinging it again? Strong high of the day close very high volume breakout mode profit cushion. We can drop 6% and I get back to my break even on that little position. So that is again I just can't stress enough how trading is not predicting. Did I predict we were going to close strong? Did I predict you know any of this? No. I position myself in low risk only reward and then let it play out. And so much of my trading is that I don't know what's going to happen. I position myself to benefit if this happens and not be hurt if this happens. And so, uh, that's how GME played out. X was the same thing. End of the day. All right. Just, you know, keeping an eye on things. I'm done for the day. X halted. So, then we got a thread. We post the news. Trump says, you know, deal between X and, uh, the Indian company. And you know, steel's going to stay in the US, yada yada. And very odd initial action. Poor bulls with stop losses. Man, look at that one minute candle. A halt to the downside stopping everybody out on the day and then a halt to the upside. Very strange. But I started looking at it after the second halt. And again, it's just then using my skill set. Okay, big move up. I do know that when we unhalt after the second halt, we are going to be breaking to the highest levels in years. So the break above 44, I mean decade plus highs. Okay, I'm interested. So I don't want to chase. I watch the one minute time frame. I need a level to play off of. And so we drop down and hit 50. And shout out to Lori who nailed other Lori, not chart gal Lori. Wrong one. Oh, I got to find it. Anyways, Lori nailed 50. Her order was sitting on 50. That's where it stopped. Once I saw the bounce off of 50, now I'm interested because now I'm playing off 50. My stop's going under 50. If we're going to keep going, 50 has got to hold. So, I got filled at 5170. Uh again I sell 2/3. I sell some at uh low 52s, mid 52s. My break even is now under 50. I put a stop on the remaining third position under 50. And we closed strong enough where I now have an X swing position. Why am I swinging X? Very high volume news catalyst. The news was towards the end of the day. It didn't give it a ton of time to settle in 13-year highs or whatever it is. And again, profit cushion. If my break even on my now swings sized position is $50. I've got 4% of wiggle room. Bulls made it back up to 54 in after hours. So from where we ended extended hours, I've got 7% of wiggle room before I would stop out break even. So again, just zero plans for any swing trades. day trades turn into swing trades based on things that I couldn't possibly anticipate. And uh we'll see. You know, I'm gonna have I don't have plans on holding these long term. I'm probably going to sell them pretty quick this coming week. But uh just a great example of again, I wouldn't have looked at X at all unless other people were talking about it. So, thanks for helping me profit with the chat room. Can't beat hundreds of eyes looking all around the market and sharing pertinent information. All right, check out the sale. Do good things. We'll end it with some garden stuff here. Burn on bears to confirm the daily downtrend from here. Nice initial start. That's the next big check mark this coming week. We'll see you soon. Grabbed some starts yesterday. Yeah, I'm not I'm too busy to do be seeding stuff, but bunch of squash, winter squash, summer squash, tomatillo, hot peppers. Let's see what else. Sage, dalia, fennel. Got some tadpoles. I was wondering where they were. They were later this year. No ducks. First year ever with no ducks in the pond. I'm a bit devastated, but we'll get over it. So, today I'm going to be transplanting all those things. I'm also direct seeding a bunch of flowers now that we are past the risk of frost. We've got cicas going. You can hear the hum in the distance that slowly builds up through the day with the heat. We're at We have a 17-year brood detaching here. Pretty insane that these bugs go into the ground for 17 years and then pop up and take over. I don't have a ton in the yard. I've only actually seen one, but I've been eating honey berries. Pretty much just like a sour version of a  blueberry. There's raspberries there, but the honey berry is within it. And we got these wild wine berries that are going to be coming on. And I just let these go all around the yard. They look like weeds, but it's food. You get free food if you just let it go.