============================================================
Video: sWaZPZquB-E
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Who Won The Week?
Date: 2025-05-31
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3380
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:31.408466
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We had a back and forth week. We started strong, then we had a bit of a sell-off on Nvidia earnings and of course the constant back and forth tariff headlines. Let's see where we stand in the broader market and if the bulls were able to maintain their control, there's a decent number of potential cup and handle patterns out there, which is normally a very uncommon pattern, but I'll show you the ones that I'm keeping an eye on. It's the last couple days of our spring annual membership sale. If you want access to our chat room community, additional educational materials, daily live streams as we learn alongside each other and trade, of course. Check it out. All right, so the weekly time frame for the NASDAQ, we have the only resistance zone up at the all-time highs. We came pretty close to it. Little bit of upper wick on the weekly candle. It's a stair step still, meaning a higher low every single week, five weeks in a row. And we essentially had after last video last week we were watching can the bears confirm the daily downtrend. That was the next big check mark that they needed. The answer is no. They failed to do so. We're still in a daily uptrend. We had the higher lows set first thing with the big bull move on Tuesday. Again, bullish reaction with Nvidia. As far as the tariff headlines are concerned, my understanding again not really caring a whole lot as far as my trading goes. definitely aware things are a bit tricky overnight with all these headlines, but uh you know the the constitutionality of the tariffs is being questioned. It looks like it's not going to have a huge impact whether or not you know the Trump administration just repealed things. Either way, there there is a way to have tariffs constitutionally just a little bit different and perhaps capped. And maybe that would be a good thing. if if the tariffs are capped, that means the market knows what to anticipate as far as, you know, what a worst case tariff scenario would be. So, we're still going to keep an eye on it, but as of right now, we had the month end. We've got uh the daily uptrend is our guide. And if you look at QQQ and even the NASDAQ futures here, we haven't closed below the daily EMA 12 for five weeks. So, we just keep defending it. And Friday was another clear example of that where, you know, we dropped hard. So here's your bullish Nvidia and bullish potential blocked tariffs headline. It was a sell the news scenario. We had a drop solid drop on Friday. More China stuff headlines but then a significant recovery into the close as those I should say as the month expired. So now the question is can the bulls shape up an hourly inverse head and shoulders? If we confirm an hourly uptrend to start this coming week, we'll have a new daily higher low set and we're just going to keep that as our guide. I've been a bit unsure about things. You know, this past week, uh I was pretty much flat in all of my trading accounts. Uh tiny bit of red insignificant, but it felt uh a lot worse for me just because of the lack of clarity. And uh when I have a lack of clarity, I could just kind of default to the trend. Yes, we have a very clear resistance level right above us, but if we keep setting daily higher lows, we got to keep defaulting to the bulls. And so, the setups that I'm going to be looking at later in this video for the potential cup and handles and some bull flags out there, uh, those are my top watch until the bears in the broader market prove to me that we have changed. We had the pullback to say, okay, maybe things are changing. Nope, they haven't changed. So, that's what we're watching. And the daily uptrends are guided. S&amp;P 500 did not have as convincing a break. You can see it's a bit more sideways trading the last few weeks. Pretty much a double top at the recent high and again holding that support. So this is the range that I care about. We're closer to resistance than support. And again, it's just, you know, right now the resistance that we're battling is the previous support from the all-time high range. So if we just go to the weekly chart, both the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ have that resistance zone overhead. So, it's pretty much a battle between all-time high resistance zone and daily higher low uptrends. Semiconductors are a bit weaker with the Nvidia selloff and it's sideways for three weeks. So, if you look back, you know, this is the the tightest we've been in months, which means volatility is coming to the semiconductor space. You would think volatility is coming with the Nvidia earnings reaction. Uh but as it stands, it's going to be after the Nvidia earnings reaction when the volatility picks up here. But again, just a very clear range where we've got our top double top and our base. Look at this low 23405 23459. Just above it, 235s on Friday. Pretty much a triple top. Look at the 4 hour. Triple top, triple bottom. And one is going to break this coming week. very likely. And so if we're going to see weakness in the broader market with the way things are currently set up, it would likely be semiconductors leading in that weakness. Tesla had a nice continuation move again in the video last week. One of the main highlights was Tesla bulls in a top watch because this period of consolidation is exactly the same as this period of consolidation. There is no difference. It's a bull flag unless proven otherwise. We confirm the bull flag first thing to start the week. Bulls stall out a little bit in the 360s and again daily uptrend is our guide. It was a pretty interesting last 10 minutes. Look at this dump. So big dump on Tesla in the last 10 minutes. NASDAQ did not see that dump. PLTR saw the exact opposite. 10 minutes surging. So interesting to see what big money does in that last 10 minutes into the end of the month. But Tesla clearly sold off. one of the few names to do so. And daily higher low, most important level for me, 33139. If that level holds, the daily uptrend remains intact. And again, our resistance got a lot of tops here in the 360s for us to be keeping an eye on. And again, bigger picture. And look at this resistance. 36734 and we top out at 36771. That is not a coincidence. But again, big picture, we're watching for a monthly lower high eventually. Not shaping up yet. If we lose the daily uptrend, that's the first tiny baby step towards a potential monthly lower high. Financial sector is a potential weekly bull flag. And again, I view this as a cup and handle type of setup. A lot of people want a nice rounded bottom. I care much less about the shape. What I care about is the psych psychology of the pattern. you have a a big bull move, you top out, you have a a solid pullback, you get all the way back up to resistance and fail. The most important thing about that is that you are now building up shorts as shorts topfish that resistance. We reject, we pull back into a bull flag, and then the reason that that cup and handle gets followed through is number one, there's a lack of resistance. XLF would be blue sky if it confirms. Number two, you're stopping out two rounds of bears. you're stopping out bears from this zone and bears who tried it again and then of course any bulls that come along and buy the resistance break. So, it's possible, you know, I was looking I've been flipping around in my IRA with protecting and stopping out some hedges and grabbing some hedges. I grabbed some XLF hedges through FAZ, the leverage ETF, uh for the daily lower high being set. Thursday set the daily lower high and a full recovery to end the week and broke resistance. So, back out that hedge. Just trying to grab some position and then no, just let the bulls keep doing their thing. Uh, again, I'm trying to protect right at resistance, but at this point, back to the bullan. So, we'll see if XLF bulls can get back up to 5177. So, pretty much we need 2%. 5177 52 44 3% to get all-time highs. And again, the simple statement is if 4957 is support, this is a bull flag that's heading to all-time highs. Again, I always make a simple statement like that, and it's like, well, duh. But have your mind work that way. If that level doesn't break, we're going to alltime highs. It's that simple. Because the only way we aren't going to go to all-time highs is that support level breaks. And again, it's a very duh statement, but uh when you when you focus in on that, it it helps us for me, it helps stick with trends. this level doesn't break, we're going to see another leg up. Healthcare. So, healthcare is still sideways. Two inside bars in a row on the weekly time frame. So, again, anticipating volatility is coming here as well to start May. The bulls are really hoping that this is a falling wedge and I'm open to that as a possibility. You know, one thing I'm watching for is uh that rotation game that we often see in markets, but keeping an eye on that daily time frame for XLV. We're pretty much viewing this as a low high of the bounce, higher low, and now we're chopping around a little bit, but it's the bulls attempting to confirm an uptrend and get that bounce going. And what I'm interested in is this with regards to UNH as UNH is just sideways. Look at this hourly chart. Mark your trenches. There's your bull trench where they're defending again. World War I. You got the Bulls and the Bears. The Bulls have their trench. The Bears have their trench. The Bears defended on Wednesday. They defended on Thursday. They just barely defended on Friday. This is the Bulls running at that trench and they're making a dent. They're chipping away at it, but can they overtake it and cause the bears to retreat and then the bulls occupy that trench and it now becomes support? So, that's something we're watching for as well. If XLV does break those inside bars bullish, we'll look for UNH to break over this low 300 zone and head back up with the most important level being the bounce high. We'll call it 325. Got to break 325 for the uptrend to be confirmed. But volatility is coming to UNH this coming week and XLV this coming week when those inside bars break. Also, I'm watching XBI. XBI bulls defending 78. So, a double bottom there. And why I'm interested in XBI is I'm watching can the bulls confirm the first weekly uptrend since we topped out in November. And if that happens, again, I I watch what the ETF is doing and then I find an individual that I I like. uh for a potential setup. And then I'm watching both. I want to see UNH bulls outperforming XLV. I want them both going up and I want them the relative strength to be in UNH where it's going up more significantly. So if XBI can shape up the weekly uptrend, I'm going to be watching something like MRNA. Why do I care about MRNA? It is all bare. Well, I like when something is all bare for a very long time and then it forms that sideways base of support. Again, that is called the balancing scales setup. Google that or search it on our website. But if if the simple statement is we've been rejecting from weekly EMA 12 resistance in MRNA for the last 11 plus months. If we get above it, something will be shifting. And I would could just be looking for, you know, a monthly bounce. Even a weak monthly bounce would be a move to 40 and that's a 50% move. So that's why I'm interested in the potential of a bottoming pattern forming here and um it's a top watch and I'm watching the biotech sector as well for that. So some of our lead bull sectors from the past couple of weeks have been quantum and uranium. QBTS was an all-time high run. It pulled back, gap down open. I like gap down open into hourly oversold and we ended up with a nice bounce where the low of pre-market 1510 we bounce up to 16 so you know at 8 and we bounce up to 16 so you know at 8 and we bounce up to 16 so you know at 8 and a half 9% bounce on the morning hourly higher low midday and we've got to break the high of Friday on Monday 1645 if that breaks it'll be a daily higher low holding EMA 12 then there is space for a potential lower high because of how much we did pull back but uh again after such a strong breakout. The daily higher lows are a watch for me on these names and I watch for hourly oversold and I watch for gap downs to try and position for them. And so there were some decent bounces there on those gap downs. Ooq is another one. We're scouting the daily higher low. Uh not as strong a bounce overall. Ooq is pulling back just under the all-time high. So the big question for some of these names is again do we form a monthly lower high and keep tightening up? We could say it's a lot more likely on names like RGTI who are a lot further from their resistance that a monthly lower high is the most likely scenario to keep tightening up. But Quantum definitely on watch for some nice volatility. Uranium was stronger with its bounces on Friday. Similar setup straight up bull move gap down open and again those hourly back burners. You know I love my back burners. So, OKLO hitting a back burner uh in pre-market and then we get that bounce right when the bell rings 12% move up. I was late to that bounce. I did trade it, but I just scalped a 1% win as I was leaving 10 minutes after the open. Uh but same deal, hourly higher low set. If we confirm the hourly uptrend, a daily higher low is set and a daily bull flag is in play. That's a potential cup and handle on OKLO resistance zone. There's your nice rounded bottom. Fail resistance. If you bull flag, watch for that. SMR is a uranium main that already hit all-time highs. Same deal. Gap down, hourly oversold, back burner, solid morning bounce, watching to see if the daily high or low can form. But okay, a low is a top watch. Again, my mindset is if broader market bulls, keep a daily uptrend, these bull flags will likely confirm. So again, simple statement. If XLF holds that low, then we will see all-time highs. If broader market bulls keep full control, then we likely see bull flags confirm into potential cup and handle followthrough. So, OKLO is a top watch for that reason. Couple other names, MTZ, I have no idea what they even do, but it on the weekly time frame is a potential cup and handle alltime high. Fail it potential bull flag. If 145 holds, then that's a bull flag on the weekly time frame right under all-time highs. Hims is a potential cop and handle. Nice bounce off a double bottom here. 5120 5141. So again, can this be a bull flag to head back up if the broader market stays strong? We've got a base of support. We're testing short-term resistance, but so far very healthy weekly consolidation. So those are a handful of potential bull flags on either the daily or the weekly time frame that I am keeping an eye on. All right, dollar. So, dollar trying to set a weekly higher low. Not official at this point. The bulls need to confirm a daily uptrend if that is going to shape up. Have to do that. So, we're keeping an eye on it. Gold consolidating a bit this week. Still watching. I had this trend line a little bit different as far as resistance, but I adjusted it. And so, definitely paying attention to this. Again, no major red flags, but we had the minors stronger than the metals. see GDX and GDXJ holding on a little bit better. GDXJ hit the highest level in a couple months to end this past week. And then you look at SILJ, which is specifically silver miners. And again, it on Thursday hit the highest level in seven months. So miners showing a little bit of relative strength. Does that mean the metals are about to make a move? potentially people positioning for that. But silver, I don't love that silver had a decent amount of weakness on Friday while the broader market was weak. Generally, there's been an inverse relationship between the metals and the broader market recently, but the broader market dropped Friday morning and silver dropped with it. Again, still struggling at this resistance, still very much sideways, not quite back, you know, we have short-term support zone that bulls are battling to defend. If we lose it, we're right back in the middle of the longer term range. And then we're going to watch the weekly support zone as most important, but patiently waiting because we know volatility will come here hard and fast. It's just a patient game at this point, but it remains a top watch until this sideways range breaks. Oil still battling to defend $60. We had a double bottom there. We broke it Friday with no follow through. You could draw a potential falling wedge, I'm sure, for it, but I'm just sticking with the weekly equilibrium. Again, top of the move, bottom, lower high, higher low, lower high. We're scouting a higher low compared to 54.83 to keep on tightening up. And we'll look for volatility in oil to pick up significantly when this weekly equilibrium breaks, potentially late June or early July. and natural gas still weak overall testing the lows again got to adjust for that contract rollover because it significantly changes the look of things but you pull up UNNG and say yep it's the weaker version we're testing the low here uh and again the bull's not proving anything since we topped out which is a major reason I have not been interested in it since then all right so that is where we stand heading into this coming weeks got to prove something on daily time frames. Otherwise, we're just going to keep setting these higher lows. We've got volatility coming in semiconductors with their three-week inside bars, pretty much three sideways weeks. We've got volatility coming in UNH and XLV as their tight ranges are going to break. Silver could stay tight for a couple more weeks, but volatility is coming there. hands watching these potential bull flags. If the bears prove something, then I will certainly shift my focus to be looking for bare swing trades, but they have yet to do so at this point. Appreciate you watching. Don't forget to do good things. End it with some springtime garden stuff. Put that seed there two minutes ago. Did not see that dude around.