============================================================
Video: Ku5eiydH_5s
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Extreme Greed Reset
Date: 2025-08-03
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8506
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:17.161045
============================================================

Sellers finally secured a win by creating daily overhead supply and negating local daily demand as long as they can hold under the structures point of control. Is this the end for buyers or just some liquidation of poor location longs? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, first things first, um the selling on Friday was largely driven by a large um revision to the non-farm payrolls, the employment situation essentially. Um it was a very large revision and in general the revisions have been larger. So, the initial reporting hasn't been uh terribly accurate and so the idea is that the unemployment rate is uh higher. Well, it's really more technically it's not the unemployment, it's how many jobs were created. there are far fewer jobs created than uh we anticipated which you know is problematic right because it is associated with unemployment you know the if we can't create more jobs then you know that would increase the probability that unemployment would increase and if you know if you put that together with the um tariffs being inflationary uh that opens up the potential for high inflation high unemployment which is pretty much the trickiest situation for the Fed, right? Because that's essentially stagflation. Um, so market didn't love that. Um, it it it it probably, you know, let me just check the CME Fed watch tool actually because um it the Fed's dual mandate is to control inflation and then also to control uh unemployment but um but their priority is inflation. So I think inflation is, you know, it's still within their their um like operational window, their acceptance um or like it's an acceptable rate right now. And so you know, it's it's hard to say what the Fed will do. Jerome Powell, you know, seems to be wanting to hold out as long as possible, right? make sure that there's evidence that rates should change before doing anything. And so the Fed watch tool now is saying that the September meeting has now an 80% chance of a cut. So we shall see the you know it's good and bad right the state of the economy um deteriorating obviously is not great longer term but the market right now is very much focused on rate cuts. So there is the potential that you know bad news is good news. We'll see. Um but as of right now from a purely technical perspective what we care about is the fact that this breakout from July uh 18th here and technically started on the July 17th it is not being negated right because here is the high that finally these buyers were able to see followthrough where you didn't have a a uh follow through on this break over here you didn't have followthrough on this break over here finally you get a break on the 17th that back tests this breakout point and then sees a bunch of lift over here um So, this is the most recent daily breakout point. And now, as long as we're under 62786, it's it's being negated. Additionally, recall that we care very much about 62352. It's the point of control of this local daily demand over here, which is now technically it's not demand anymore. It's being affirmed as supply as long as we're holding under 62352. Now, that being said, the buyers are playing defense pretty much where you would want them to. It's deeper than you would want them to, right? And if you recall, like the the the zone we were looking for for like a pretty um uh for a pullback play here was off of this structure, right? I was thinking at this point things were so extended that I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a deep retracement into this structure. I certainly didn't anticipate, you know, the big revision and then a decent amount of long liquidation coming off of that, but you know, it is what it is. You you never know, right? So, I still think this is a pretty reasonable location for trade. you know, you're never it's never going to who knows if it works, but if if it doesn't work, you know, it is what it is. You chalk it up 0.9%. Draw down, no big deal. I mean, I guess to me your sizing, but it you would have to have massive size for 0.91% to matter. Um, it really shouldn't matter honestly this amount of risk for whatever size. Anyways, unless I guess if you're overleveraged, um, then that's problematic. Anyway, don't do that. Either way, what we're looking out for next week is, you know, will this will this um I think it's pretty sure we're still in hourly oversold right now. Will this hourly oversold the first time since regular trading hours only, the first time since May 23rd, will this set a daily low? If it will set another daily low, it's not going to be a higher low, but it would still be a very notable defense if these buyers can uh set a daily low off of the hourly oversell condition. So next week, what we care about how we're going to assess whether or not this is just some liquidation of poor location longs or if buyers are going to get back to playing defense, it's all about 62352. This was a notable failure on the seller's part to not get back down to the lows of this local daily demand at 61787. I should say it's acting as supply now, but prior demand. That was a noble failure, but at the same time, it was already a gap go day. This was 100% net short inventory in this overnight session. So you would expect there to be some corrective activity, but there was not, which let us know that the buyers were very weak on um Friday. So even though there was a very significant bounce, right, a pretty meaningful bounce to retrace the the opening drive lower, it is still under the open for pretty much the entirety of the session except for like a minute or so, not even, I think. And this bounce notably did not get back to the value area high of our key reference structure here. So not great. This is the weakest that the buyers have looked in a in a long time. The weakest as the market has looked in a long time. But at the same time, still lots of space for a weekly higher low over 591.89. Additionally, um what I care primarily about is the prior all-time high. Even if we take this structure out, if these buyers can just hold over the prior all-time high, affirm this uh gateway structure into all of this demand um as demand, then you know, bigger picture, that's fine, right? Again, we're we're looking for weekly higher lows. Lots of space for it. The monthly time frame is also looking for a higher low. Anything under the April low is going to be good for one. You know, has the fundamental landscape changed a bit? Yeah, it has. Right. Especially with the whipsaw action with the uh potential rate cut. The September meeting going into FOMC Wednesday was like 59% the odds of a cut on September. And then after JPA was done talking, it fell down to like 39%. Uh and then after the uh revision, now it's back at 80.3%. So we're very likely looking at a rate cut in September. Um we'll see how the market responds to that. And then that's going to give us good information to let us know, okay, what does the market care more about? Does the market care more about the um uh employment situation, right? A job creation or does it care more about rate cuts? For a long time, the market has been hyperfixated on rate cuts. So, you know, we'll get a good information at the September meeting based off of if we get the cut and uh how the market reacts to it, right? If we do get that cut, the market responds bullishly and it can hold that reaction into the next day. Okay, great. You know, then the market is just going to keep climbing this wall of worry. And if again, if we don't negate the prior all-time high, breaking out into a prior all-time high, you should expect there to be a back test. Just like back here, break to a new all-time high. Here's a back test of it. You'll hold the structure, right? This is pretty much a picture perfect point of control hold of the prior all-time high structure. Okay, it's it's everything's fine. You come back here again, drop and pop under it, you hold it again. Okay, everything is fine. Same deal over here, right? Here's the prior all-time high. You break over it, hold it back test of it. Okay, great. Everything is fine. So, we shall see. Um, this this is really the big thing over this is really the big test, right? And the uh holding over this guy would be even better. If they can just get back over 61352, continue to affirm this local structure as demand, then you know there's really no problems for these buyers right now. Um, again, this is the most notable damage though that the sellers have created. So now on this balance, if they can't get back over 62786, can't get back to affirming this breakout, that would be a big old red flag. All right, I I would say the low of all of this balance here, I guess we would just use the gap as our first upside reference here at 6377. So, even if we do bounce and even if we do get over 62786, if you fill the gap but can't come into this session, that's obviously not good, right? So, we can mark all this up now as overhead supply. It's been a long time since we've uh had any overhead supply to mark up, but now we have this all-time high supply in our way. Fresh all-time high supply. So we'll look out for this our key levels next week to the upside going to be that high of this uh July 2nd to 16th structure and then the gap fill 6377 and then I would care mostly about 63535. There's just much more volume here than you know in the value area low. All right. So I still think it's a pretty reasonable place if you're looking for that pullback play. Um but you know of course there's never any guarantees. Moving on to the cues. Let's see. I think Q is doing something very similar, right? We have very similar, right? We're just looking for the potential pullback into this area. It's the last area of any kind of meaningful value that was established by the market. Um, again, buyers playing defense off of the value area low is notable, but at the same time, you know, the the sellers had already done so much damage that to hold there, you know, it's it's just some defense and it's not even great defense because they couldn't even hold over 556. So, heading into next week, what the QQQ buyers care about primarily is 556. If they can get back over 556, affirm this fella as demand just balance over here above this guy, then that would be um the best case scenario essentially defensively. Obviously, best case would be new highs, but if you know short of new highs, trading over 556 would be a very good look. Again, same dealio, the February 2025 high, the prior all-time high. We care primarily about this, right? Bigger picture. As long as we can hold over this guy, no big deal. That's 54128 because again weekly time frame space for a higher low over 52365 and on the daily time frame um sorry on the monthly time frame we're also just looking for a higher low over the April low right so lots of space for these buyers to work with bigger picture although uh again this is the most notable damage that the sellers have created on the daily in quite some time we haven't had fresh uh or rather local daily overhead supply established since back here really since that was March All right, that's it. Moving on to the rut here. So for the rut, again, some relative weakness, right? To be expected. Buyers again playing defense where at the low of this structure over here. So it's a little bit different of of course compared to the ES and the ENQ, but it is still notable that they drop and pop at the low of this structure. As long as they're holding over 21397, then they're chipping away at this guy over here. point of control rejections affirming the significance of that big old block of supply from December 18th of last year into February 26th. And at this point now, these buyers, they just want to hold over, let me just get this out of the way here. They just want to hold over 21397. Um, this should be the new daily no change level, right? This is the breakdown that needs to be negated now if these buyers want to negate this move under 21691 to get back into this local overhead supply. And if we see lower lows next week, these sellers should be trying to get back down to I'm looking at the value area high of this guy next. Uh that would be at 20961. There's a lot of volume traded at 20879. So uh let's see trades on I think was set up around all of this, right? I think this is fine. I honestly this is still fine. Weekly time frame technically have a lower low now. This low higher low has been broken. Monthly chart is just looking for a higher low. anything over the uh April low as well. 1701 173 going to be good for one. Um all right. So that's pretty much it. Uh all right. So let's move on to the what uh let's see move on to the other sectors here. All right. So moving on to the Dow. So the Dow also pop and drop back to you know back testing this area of local daily demand here. Notable miss of the high of the structure 43206. I would say at this point now these buyers next week what do they want to get done is to just recapture this low 43764 getting back over this guy would be ideal. Actually we should probably keep using this uh alltime high. Technically it was negated I think actually. No they didn't trade through. So we can still keep using this as a reference. So not only do we care about this low here, we'll also care about 43870. And of course, just like the ES and the ENQ, this gap fill is is very key. If the if you can't fill a gap, it's always a good look for whichever side made that gap. For example, we still have this gap here that's unfilled for the buyers. And on the S&amp;P, there's there's tons of gaps that have remained unfilled. Here's another gap over here that remains unfilled. And on the S&amp;P, there's there's a bunch. You know, if you just look back in time, here's one way down here. Here's another one. It's always a good look if you don't fill the gap. There's tons of gaps from like way way way back in the day that has also remained unfilled. I believe this one is also a gap. Tiny little gap here. 1362. Yes, also a little gap over here. Anyway, the idea is that's always a bullish look, right? Because a gap is always indicative of change. And if these uh buyers can't negate that change or the gap down, that would just suggest that these buyers are weak. So, still think this is a pretty reasonable place to be looking for that trade. Um, we'll see how the, you know, how the weekend or or how the market digests this move over the weekend and digests the news over the weekend. Uh, Trump also fired the bureau, the head of the Bureau of Labor, is she the head whomever reported those the revision the the from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Um, so that's problematic certainly, right? because markets still make uncertainty and you know if you're going to fire essentially someone who is just a a measurer and a messenger um you know what's he probably going to do he's probably going to you know put someone in there whom he likes like personally or whatever just like u that Fox News lady is now I think the uh Washington DC attorney like she hasn't practiced law in like 20 years but and like I I think she had that scandal right, for like being drunk on Fox News. But um anyway, the idea is, you know, who's going to replace her? Will they give us good information or will they just give information that the president wants to hear? That's problematic because, you know, then if we're not, the market's not getting good information. That's uncertainty. Market does not like uncertainty. So the next time around, if we get like NFP readings or unemployment readings in general that are just like, you know, really break the trend that we've seen recently, that's going to put into question a lot of, you know, the information going forward. So definitely something to be mindful of from a fundamental perspective. It's uh getting a little wacky out there. I mean, it's been kind of wacky. Um anyway, uh we don't care about that so much. Uh as technical traders, we'll just play the levels. Um, but that's uh that's where we're at. Um, all right. So, moving on to the dollar here. Uh, the dollar, if you recall what we're doing, you know, these two setups here are just based off of, all right, well, here's the next area of uh demand lower under this big old uh area of balance that we've been in since 2022. And then all of this balance since 2022 has been dictated by this guy over here. So looking for the sell against this local structure and against that this gateway structure this guy uh very reasonable but at the same so you know you you did get that reaction off of the trade zone but I do suggest chopping up this uh trade if you took it throwing your stop over the highs take some profits your average filler should be here even if you're you know even if we open up right there on um Monday you should still have some space to book some profits throw a stop over the high because this is still a very strong move with space for a higher low over 96.860 and technically this is the new daily no change level here 98.665 you'll notice the buyers pretty much defended it with a drop and pop. So if they can continue to find acceptance over 98.665 then this breakout continues to be affirmed and the buyers don't really have any um problems. So just be mindful of that. If you use this trade zone to sell the dollar here and again just looking for a higher low over 96.86 86. Um, and that's uh really yeah, I would not be surprised with further balance here in the dollar. And uh the key upside reference remains 99.80. That's why uh the midpoint of our trade zone was built essentially right around there because as long as this structure is being affirmed as supply, then these buyers should be trying to these sellers should be trying to make their way back down to the lows of this local range here. And the first objective is again 98.665. Uh moving on to gold. Gold is looking just fine. Uh this is the developing value area and point of control of the local daily balance that I marked up during the stream just to um highlight another potential setup. Right? If you don't want to wait for a potential buy off of here to look for another hold of this key area of demand like we set up back here, then you could look for a passback overplay off the development value area low because the the bigger trend is up. And so if you had to pick a trend is up. And so if you had to pick a trend is up. And so if you had to pick a side, I personally I would I would stick with the buyers. And if we're not going to come down into here, then you might get setup like this. You might get a setup like this where you see a move under the developing value area low. But because this is balancing, what should happen in balance is lack of acceptance over the development value area high and lack of acceptance under development value area low. And so if you do have an opportunity where it's cheap to make a buy back over the development value area low and target the depo the development point of control, right? So you buy that move back over, give it a little bit of wiggle room, chop it up at the deep, chop it up at the development value area high and then see if they can break bullish out of this. That's a fine way to approach this as well if you don't want to wait for a situation to uh for a pullback situation into this trade zone over here. All right. It's a bit more active approach, of course, but um you know, it's a very reasonable one. So, that's really it. I don't really care about lower time frame or anything like that. Honestly, it's just balancing trading sideways. And so, that's really honestly, we should just leave that up there. It's going to be a good reference. Notice what happened here. A failure to get down to the the D.VA twice, right? So, inability for these buyers uh sellers to get down to the development value area low here and then again over here. Pass back over the Deepo both times. And what happens? You test the D.VA. So, um, another more aggressive play would be to look for the pass back over the development point of control. It's much trickier to look for that deep pass because when we're balancing, I mean, for trending, looking for that deep pass is great, but it's much trickier to look for that deep pass when we're balancing because that's where, you know, most of the volume uh has been traded. So it's, you know, it can it's much choppier in around the developing point of control. Is a is is a I think the mic might be Is a is is a I think the mic might be Is a is is a I think the mic might be popping. Perhaps this joke was not worth it. Um all right. So moving on to MVDA here. No, it was worth it. It was it was absolutely worth it. Um moving on to MVDA here. Um so for uh for MVD8 just a little pullback into this local area of uh of demand here and as of right now they they are still holding over its point of control. Again I care primarily about this setup down here. I mean I'm also interested in this Tom Demar setup as well. It's it is the Tom Demark system that I'm using for this setup. Um, but it's not the setup that that like a purist would trade. I like put my own parameters on it. So, I'm interested in that. But bigger picture, you know, again, looking for the back test of this guy. This is really the key structure just like this was the key structure over here, right? This guy over here was the gateway whereas really the consolidation of this move. So, it's a little bit of a different context, but the idea is if these uh sellers can't find acceptance back under this guy and we just balance over here, bigger picture, that's fine. You see this kind of setup shake out all the time where you have a bigger picture balance and as long as you hold over the back test of the highs, then it's all good. Just like over here. Oh, they didn't even come close. So, hang on a second here. Just like over uh I guess. Let's see. Do we get a test here? You don't even get test here. NBD has been stupid strong. Um all right. So, let's see. When's the last time we got a situation like that? Like over here. All right. Here's his prior all-time high. Break out. Can't hold it. Break out over it. You don't even really get a clean back test of it there, honestly. So, that's on that's even better. Like, if you don't Here's a I guess here's one. It's not really quite the same idea. All right. But back test of this structure. This is a prior all-time high. Wow. Honestly, this chart has been really strong for for quite a long time. But anyway, you'll see this concept shake out time and time again. The first time that I really noticed it was was on NUE. It was I was I was making a play for like a yearly chart and uh let's see, we made the play in here, I believe, after we broke out over 8256. This guy over here, I was looking for these back test plays. Oh, no. I'm sorry. It was all the way back here. No, no, no. It was here. It was here. Thought it was a cleaner back test, but it was not. Either way, um that's the idea, right? You don't get back into the gateway structure. You don't get back into any of this. Then, oh, this was what I noticed and then looked for it over here. Okay, I call now. Um, anyway, that's pretty much it for what we're talking about. MVDA. Yep. All right. So, again, I I still think patient buyer waiting for a pullback, looking to test all of this is probably better. And I'm happy to just start selling cash puts again as soon as this gets daily oversold. So, um, that's it. But I kind of handle NVDA a little bit differently than um you know other operations just because I I I believe very much so in their dominance. You just look at their you know financials. Um all right so that's pretty much it for MVDA space for a daily higher low over 16458. Next week we care about 17345. If you're a short-term uh trader and you just you've been biasing long in NVDA, then as long as we're holding over 17345, I still think that's fine. Especially if next week we get acceptance over this session, at least over the point of control of Friday at 17383. I think biasing long is still fine if you're a short duration trader. Um, all right. Honestly, why don't I do more of that? Because I do the futures room, so I just always end up spending so much time there. Um but a lot of time there's a lot more opportunity elsewhere. Anyway, um for Bitcoin here, back testing the trade zone. Uh it's just back testing this the the the gateway structure into all of this de demand over here. Uh this consolidation is still fine. Like it's not ideal. You do have a daily lower high and lower low. Of course, you have all this overhead supply now to be dealing with. Um but notable hold of the prior all-time high at 112,000. And again, even if you come down into this structure, if you don't trade through it, it's not really that big of a deal. I think, you know, if we were to mark this up as one big old structure here, I'm curious to see where the point of control would be. It's a fine way of looking at it, maybe all the way down here at uh 104924. Oops. So, I stand by this trade zone. I think it's a very reasonable place to be looking for trade. We've already gotten to the yearly R1, so I don't love that. But, uh, if we do hold over this guy, they should try to get back over there. That's my opinion. space for daily lower high. Anything under 119 839 going to be good for one and the new daily no change level is going to be this guy over here. This breakdown not negated without getting back over 114750 uh Ethereum. All right. So I still think again very reasonable place to be looking for that trade zone. Space for a weekly higher low. Anything over uh 2113 will be good for one. And again I'm thinking we're probably looking at a bunch of balance. So essentially this trade zone is looking for like a repeat of this situation here, this situation here. Um again that would be affirming this area of local daily demand. This this daily no change is not correct. It should have been over here anyway. But now it is over here should be this guy. This breakdown from this supply not negated without getting back over 3507.78. Uh space for a lower high under 3878.32. And again we're just looking for weekly higher low, monthly higher low. So then again, at the same time, I would not be surprised if we just continue to chop around in here, right? What's what's XRP doing? Pop and drop into new highs. Not not ideal. Like we could just, you know, continue just balance like this. Would not be surprised by that at all. Um, all right. That's it for Ethereum. And then what we got next? CCJ. CCJ. Same dealio. Uh, it is still looking fine here. It actually has a nice potential for I think a Tom Demar setup here. That's weird. I thought I had this marked up. So maybe I'll do this as an unofficial idea. I don't know. We'll see. Um that's just the sequence advance, but it's already printed up many times. But at the same time, if the edge is there, you just got to trade it every single time and then, you know, let Jesus take the wheel. Um all right. So anyway, I guess that's more of a private update kind of information, huh? Uh, all right. So anyway, and if you're interested in that, I I I you know, check out the spring report. Links in the des description below. I have been doing a a ton of back testing off of a uh using a system. It's it's a it's a pretty well-known system. It's a copyrighted system. So, you know, you have to use like a bootleg version on Trading View if you if you want to use it at all or get like I think there are some other trading platforms that actually do have the uh rights to use it or whatever. But um it's based on time mark sequential system. I'm back testing it a bunch. It's got a lot of edge. Uh I've been comparing it to a simple moving average strategy, the like a 50 over the 200. Shout out to Mr. Stamos for hooking that up, setting it up for me. um to compare. I mean, so anyway, if you're interested in that, check it out. Links in links in the description below. Um I plan on deploying it or a lot of stuff going forward. It's very straightforward. It's uh easier to follow along with anyway. And you know, if you want trade zones sent to you like the ones we set up here, uh like the ones we set up in Bitcoin, Ethereum, NVDA, or whatever, two trades at least sent to your uh email every week. Links links in the description below. Check it out. Um, all right. So, for CCJ, I still think this is the best place for like a big old pullback entry. I don't mind being aggressive doing that TD setup a little bit higher. I don't mind that. Um, but ideally, what'll happen is you get a back test of this prior breakout point. Again, this concept, it just shakes out all the time. All the time. Like for example, here you have this big structure, right? Here's the gateway structure. What is this if not a breakout? And then back test of the gateway structure and then follow through. Again, it's it's just something that needs to shake. Not that that needs to shake, but the it's happens all the time. The market likes to have the certainty that, oh, okay, yes, there's still demand coming out of this area that we just broke out of. And then that gives people a new wave of people confidence to continue pressing higher. Like if you miss the boat, right? You didn't play make any plays in here, right? And then it comes back down to the breakout point and then you see that the sellers cannot get back get back under here. What are you going to do if you miss this move and you see, oh, we're not even getting back under here. You're going to you're going to try to buy here. You know what I'm saying? So, um, that's the idea anyway. So, I think this is the safest place for it. Short duration traders, if we can hold over this structure, then it's business as usual. So, if you're a more confident short-term operator, then it's fine to be making plays off of this local structure in my opinion. All right, so that's pretty much it. On to uh some trade review here. Oh, okay. Okay, I did not I did not account for this when I was setting up this uh microphone joke situation. Got a bunch of comments uh that the microphone Well, I got a lot of comments to tell me to get a microphone. I've always had this microphone. It's just, you know, hanging out out of screen. Um but yeah, I don't know what the deal is with the volume. You know, no shade to anybody, but like I I I I opened up Dan's videos. I opened up my videos. I played them through my speakers and they sounded exactly the same. But bunch of folks said volumes slow. So I have become one with the microphone. Um but because I had to change my OBS settings and capture the window here. Um now I can't move the uh the Oh man. And now I've removed everything. Um now I can't uh I can't um I can't move my notes over. All right. I guess I'll just copy him over. All right, hang on a second here. Uh, all right. So, the first thing first training set up we did. Um, I didn't do much training last week. I had a freaking doozy of a week. Still recovering from a sprained ankle. I had a cold and then we got that crazy rain that flooded my um uh my basement. That was freaking wild. Like 2 feet of water in my um basement. My local train station and the local highway were rivers. It was really insane. Um, anyways, for ENQ, what do we do here? It was this day on the 728. So, here is the uh here's the the info. We're going to have to do it like this today. Um, and it was just a matter of uh what what did I do? Oh, okay. I was looking for a play to the yearly R1 on the Q's. So, on the yearly R1, recall we were just looking for a uh here it is. So it was on this day the 28th we opened up over the prior day session. It was a little bit of a gap I think. So you know reasonable to go with buyers if it can't get back into the prior days range. And so the setup was just um I bought the deep pass uh over uh okay yeah targeting one okay I was looking for the 1.5R. I'm pretty sure that was just based off of the overnight levels. Hang on. Let me get out of here. Um let's see. 728. Hang on. I got I got See, I got to clear Hang on. I got I got See, I got to clear that. 728. Okay. Uh let's see. 728 was over here. Okay. So again, the prior day you're you opened up over here. So what happened was it was a notable hold of yesterday's value area high. And these buyers, they are doing fine as long as they they're moving value higher session to session as long as they can hold over the value area high. And I wasn't prepared to make that buy off of the O and the value high. So what I did instead was just um buying this deep pass over here. So I missed this. I didn't I didn't grab that at all. Didn't grab this. But on this retracement, as this candle is printing, you pop and drop there. I just market it in. I got a really good fill on it and then I just chopped it up. I believe this was based on the overnight session if I recall correctly. Uh 7:28. I think it was just H I don't know. I'm not sure. I I could have sworn it was based off of a uh overnight level. I thought it was based off of something in here, but I guess not. Could have just been the high of this structure. Oh, no. Okay. Right. I was It was looking for all of this oneway trade, right? So, where did this oneway trade end? It ends pretty much right here. So, I was thinking, all right, look for an exit under here because, you know, if if you squeeze all these buyers out, where are these sellers likely to have some defense? It should be here. So, that was it. Um, that was the first uh 503.25 25 was the first exit. And then uh looking for uh a little bunt to the yearly R1. That's it. I was just looking for a tiny little bunt. So I chopped it more when we when we tested the yearly R1. That was roughly over here. Um no, I'm sorry. This was the first chop over here. And then the out more under 528. It was under the 15-minute supply in the overnight session. So if you just uh look at the this chunk over here. Oh, that's that's the supply that I was looking for. I was looking for an exit under this guy and I just defaulted to 28 because it is lucky and it did just happen to get right there before rolling over. So that was just very fortunate. Um that's honestly just a little bit of luck and then I stopped the rest and that was it. And but that was honestly a pretty solid uh day. Then I don't do anything on the 29th because on the 29th I was thinking I made this message uh to the uh chat room the futures room that you know it kind of feels like hot potato for buyers but I didn't really want to get into any aggressive selling because aggressive selling has been kind of tricky. So that was the that was uh this day 29th and we did have that pop and drop day on the 29th where you get a gap up open and then you just roll roll over completely. So for me, because I'm just biasing long, as long as the daily breakout's being affirmed, I'm just waiting for everything to be aligned as well. So because the session to session perspective was not aligned, I just didn't do anything on the 29th and that was that was fine. Uh let's see, the on the next day, the 30th was FOMC day and I just didn't see any setups. Again, we weren't being affirmed, right? So I want to I want to play with the buyers as long as the breakout over this high is being affirmed and and and also from a session to session perspective. So, because we spent most of the session on the 30th uh on the 30th here, oh, we were just chopping around. That's right. I just didn't have a lot of confidence in that. Right. We were opening up within uh range and value. And so, I just I didn't do anything. Additionally, the one FOMC trade that I do like is I like when there are key daytime references very close to each other such that when the volatility picks up um during the FOMC reaction, then you can kind of scalp in between those moves. And that that didn't really shake out either. So, I I just didn't do anything, which is which is fine. Again, I had a doozy of a um uh week here. And then on 7:31, I tried the new setup that I've been back testing. And I actually didn't back test it properly yet for low time frame. So this was I guess kind of aggressive, but I was just sizing down and I figured um the so far there's been positive expected value in every single test. So you know whatever. I just threw some little bit of risk capital. It was honestly stupid cheap. So on 731 um I missed the ES regular trading hours high play off the open because I I was trying to play this new setup. Um, but that was this is 731. Is that right? Yeah, 731. Um, so there was a nice play off of the open here off the regular trading hours high. And that's like a play that I normally would have taken, but I was waiting for the uh Tom Demar setup uh and it didn't set up. I needed to see a break under here and then buy the advance, the sequence advance above it. So, you know, uh, whatever. Mist trade. And then later in the session, I tried it again, and that was at, uh, let's see, that was like somewhere in the middle of the day. I got to turn this on. Um, around Oh, man. I didn't do the time stamp. I I remember though. It was It was It was over here. This guy over here. So, the TD support printed up. So, I was thinking, okay, I'm going to buy the advance. Uh, I'm going to buy the advance after they can close back over it. So, you get the close, the new sequence starts. I bought this green three over the green two. And then I just stopped it out stop under the one dirt cheap stop and that was it. Uh I also put on the 219 218 216 broken wing butterfly for 11 cents credit. Uh and I was just targeting this area and this one was good. This one gave me a lot of learnings. Uh let's see. It was it was a loser but very control loss. I I set the max loss based off of the um uh I mean I max loss based off of the um uh I mean I max loss based off of the um uh I mean I set my risk based off of the max loss of the spread which is like something under a grand like 890 or something like that. Um it may have been was 900 plus minus like 10 bucks or whatever. So pretty pretty cheap trade setup and I was looking for a move down into this area but again we got this much more meaningful move down and my thesis was that uh and again I put this on for a credit and if we had just closed somewhere in here it would have been for like I don't know like a thousand something. So it's like a one to one from an R perspective when you're thinking about the potential expansion or max loss of the spread. Um but like I was thinking it's pretty high probability that we move lower into this area. So, um, the first learning is I closed it out for, uh, like 45 cents, so it ended up being way below the max loss, but like I'm trying to gain experience to see how these spreads, um, fluctuate into XRE. So, and I was already I already set my risk based off of the the max loss. So, I think I should have just stuck with it and then, you know, let the session play out and see how it goes and been have been willing to play uh, to accept the full loss of the 900 or whatever. um because there would have I would have had an opportunity to close it probably for you know some more credit because it did bounce into the into the zone again after the initial opening drive lower. So why did I close it? I closed it because I don't like playing the hope card. You know we we moved so far away from the from the uh the um sweet spot that I just didn't really think there was a high probability of us closing in there and there wasn't. But still for the sake of the experience I probably should have just left it on because whatever that was already the the the risk was already set. Additionally, I have more learnings because why did I make it so narrow? You know, I made it super narrow. I could have just made it a little bit wider here, right? So, instead of doing the uh what did I do like the Oh, it should have been like this 219. I did 219 218 216, right? So, instead of doing that and just making this such a small little trade zone, I should have the short strikes should have been like closer to here, right? The low of this guy basically. I should have made this trade zone much bigger like 219 to maybe 212ish or so, right? To account for the potential of a move down to the lows of this structure, which I know is what the key structure that we're testing, right? So, if we're going to reject from the point of control over here, move down, right? Why would I only target the lo the lows of the local structure? You see what I'm saying? Right? I my trade zone was only really accounting for the lows of this structure. I should have accounted for the lows of this whole thing over here. I probably still could have got a credit for like 219, 216. So that's three and then like the 212. I probably still could have got a credit for that. So that's or even just laid out a little bit of debit. Additionally, I also could have rolled the the uh short vertical, right? Like the short pull vertical. I could have rolled that down the 218 uh let's see, was it 219, 218, 216? I could have rolled that down, you know, collected some more credit and then made for made for this essentially to be that profit window. So um good learnings from both a technical perspective like from targeting good learnings from an experiential perspective I guess for like just committing to the to the max loss so that I can gain the experience and watch that spread um develop over time uh with the potential of a bounce right and uh I should have been better with with targeting. So um did I did I get all three of those there? Uh, okay. Hold on. Targeting the experience and rolling. Enrolling it, right? Like a management, right? I could I could I didn't have to just close it out, but I was streaming. You know, in my defense, I was streaming. I don't like to be distracted. Um, it's like it's kind of hard to juggle all these things and uh whatever. So, anyway, that is uh pretty much it. Appreciate you tuning in. I hope the audio was better today. I I think it may have, you know, popped over the threshold a couple times, my bad. Um, I thought thought this I still think it's worth it. Um, just to show y'all I do have a mic. I I just to show y'all I do have a mic. I I just to show y'all I do have a mic. I I don't know why you would think I don't have a mic to the desktop, you know. So, like, of course, of course there's a microphone. Um, anyway, so hopefully the audio is better. Hopefully I can figure out a way to not have it right here because it is kind of hard to see some of the screen. Um, but if you made it this far, if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like or subscribe, especially because I put in all this work to to to show you the mic. Um, that would help us out a lot. Let us know to keep making content like this. Um, if you're interested in hanging out with a group of traders, there's like a thousand of us or whatever in the in the chat, maybe five to 10% of us are full-time. Um, you know, you can hang out with us in the futures room if you like. Uh, Dan's usually in gen chat. Check out the chart, guys. Links in description below. Otherwise, appreciate youall tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Uh, farewell.