============================================================
Video: ZdPX3IOyGeI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Important Market Levels For September
Date: 2025-09-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4564
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:06.849703
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys, trader and technical analyst for the last 15 years. We're going to check in on the charts after some weak jobs data this past week has shifted probabilities of what we're expecting into the FOMC later this month. We had rotation into the biotech sector out of NVDA. Where is the money going? We'll check in on commodities as the metals have been on fire. Uranium, quantum, a whole bunch of stuff. Let's get to the charts. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. So, my thesis over the past few weeks has been looking for rotation out of semiconductors and by default the NASDAQ into places like IWM, XBI, XLV. And we are still seeing that to a certain degree. But the details have shifted a little bit where it's clearly better to be looking bearish the semiconductors as opposed to the NASDAQ. And the reason for that is the Magnificent 7 led by Google and Apple had headlines. Google court case closed big gap up to all-time highs. So if you look at MAGS, the ETF, we got the higher high and that new all-time high uh with response to Google and Apple significant bull moves. And if you look at semiconductors SMH, they are still in a very nice and clear daily tightening range. And the NASDAQ is in the middle of that in the sense that we broke bull with no follow-through. It's still fairly sideways. But, uh, it's essentially, you know, we got weaker semiconductors, stronger big tech seven, and the NASDAQ's being pulled tugof-war in between. So, the S&amp;P 500, again, if you're zoomed in, you're aware that this is a potential daily rising wedge, and you're also aware that rising wedges at all-time highs are not a high probability bearish pattern. This can definitely break bear, and it can also just keep grinding higher and it can also break bull. So, it's something we want to be aware of, but it's not a pattern that we have high conviction in. Again, you know, if you dump 2% on the the morning and you're bouncing all afternoon and you're forming a fivem minute rising wedge when an hourly lower high is the most likely scenario, that's a higher probability rising wedge than something like this, which doesn't have any resistance on a longer term time frame that we're playing off of. So, we're going to be keeping an eye on that. But the simple statement, of course, is if we hold that low of I mean, it's a it's a double bottom at this point. That's the base. If that's support, the bulls are strong. And if we lose that, something is shifting. I have been watching for the possibility of monthly consolidation in September. And that's what I want to see. Why? because I'm not going to be comfortable going back to a clear long lean established new long swing positions consistently mindset until it's the monthly higher low that we are looking for because I want to have a monthly higher low stop-loss to be playing off of. Uh and that's just me personally. You know, there are still some individual names where I am keeping an eye out for potential entries, but I just know bigger picture for me to be comfortable, it's going to have to be the monthly higher low. And so, the NASDAQ again, it's tightening up. My protection in my IRA that I took uh before I went on a trip to start August was SPXS, and I switched that to SQQQ because of my thesis. And I'm not going to stop out unless we hit new all-time highs. So, we had a a solid reaction, bullish to the jobs data. We dumped hard on the open and I'm considering that a sucker punch. We had bull complacency Thursday into Friday morning. Uh Google chart guys sucker punch if you don't know what that is, but it's essentially a big hard flush coming from bull complacency and knowing that you must see that lower high and lower low if anything's going to be proven. And so, we're watching that low. Pretty much the low of Friday is your key short-term level. And then that double bottom on the NASDAQ and S&amp;P 500 is your key midterm level. And that was a perfect double bottom. Bounced right off of it off Tuesday. 4hour oversold conditions on the futures. A clear spot for bears to be taking some profit and for aggressive bulls to be trying for a bounce. And that level held and we broke resistance, but at this point, no followthrough. If you're if you're on the the weekly, well, I was going to say it's weekly EMA 12, but let's just keep it that level. It's a double bottom. That's the level. Semiconductors. Again, the the equilibrium is nice here. I did anticipate that the NASDAQ more likely than not would form a lower high and tighten up like this and it didn't. It broke bull because of the magnificent seven strength Google and Apple. Um, but the semiconductors are still possibly seeing that. And again, NVDA weakness is standing out. Uh, we just dropped to the lowest level that we've seen in over a month. and the weekly consolidation more convincingly underway. Still holding weekly EMA 12, but look at that monthly. That's the monthly consolidation. So, we know the most likely scenario here will be a monthly higher low compared to 115. You know, that's that's a fairly obvious statement. We could say we're 90% sure we're going to form a monthly higher low compared to that level. And so, now we're just patiently watching for it. And by patiently, we may it may take a couple of months, but we need to see the NASDAQ start that monthly consolidation as well, if it's going to get any followthrough. But the rotation is taking place here in part due to AVGO earnings and some fundamental aspects of uh those relationships, chips, and things like that. Honestly, again, as a technical trader, that's all I need to know. Just give me the narrative. Okay, AVGO earnings are leading to NVDA weakness because chips. That's it. That's all I need to know. So inside bar, inside bar, bear break, and that's going to be a key short-term resistance level. But again, just clear glaring weakness compared to the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. But you know, if you're a bull, you know the importance of NVDA in the market as a whole. And it's just perfect timing of rotation. If you're going to see NVDA hit one month lows, you want Google and Apple to be hitting multiple month highs to offset that. And that's exactly what's going on. And that's what the bulls have been doing for two years with all of our major sectors. And it's happening within sectors as well. XLF had the biggest red day on Friday. And that's its biggest red day in a while. Alltime high first thing in the morning. That was just a big dump. You shoot up alltime high and then just collapse a couple percent. And uh we lost the daily higher lows. So we zoom out again. You know, the weekly can be a rising wedge. It's the same thing that I said on the daily chart for the S&amp;P 500, but anything above 5105 is a weekly higher low. And so, we'll see if the bulls just form another weekly higher low and stay strong. XLV, I'm watching key resistance here as the bulls are getting tight. Volatility is coming here. We had the bull break a couple weeks ago. We've gone sideways for two weeks now. We zoom into the daily chart. Bulls are keeping the higher lows. They're keeping EMA 12. That's my short-term guide heading into this coming week. All I care about is are we getting over 13902 or are we losing daily EMA 12? If neither of those are happening, then I'm not getting any new information. But we are clearly seeing some rotation. If we look at XLV divided by SPY, not a huge amount, this needs another leg up. But UNH had some nice follow through. Again, same thing. Just held support preventing the gap fill on a bearish headline and then just little incremental higher lows. It's all about the bounce high, which is 32655. You get over that level, we can start talking about a gap fill up towards the upper 370s or the mid 370s. But, uh, until you get over that level, you still have a key resistance level. Uh, but keep an eye if XLV can get a leg up here keep an eye if XLV can get a leg up here keep an eye if XLV can get a leg up here riding daily EMA 12. We're going to anticipate UNH breaking 32655. And again, just watching for signs of that rotation. And XBI stood out in a big way. I was baffled on what was it Tuesday. I was looking around for a headline like what is going on for this for an entire sector to be up at 1.4% while everything was dropping that day. That was uh the Tuesday where the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500 were testing those daily supports. So everything's, you know, dropping and the biotech sector is up 4%. And normally I would expect some company got bought out and is up, you know, 90%. And that just wasn't happening. It was just rotation, big volume breakout, and then another little daily bull flag. I made a big mistake trading on Friday. I'm going to stick a trade review at the end of this video. Trading XBI. forgot to mention that in the intro, but uh I bailed myself out, but some lessons in there. So, I'll I'll tack that on at the end here. But the biotech sector hitting 2025 highs and positioned well if XLV can help and get another leg up. This was a key resistance zone right here. Look at all these tops which we closed above. And so now we're looking up at the next major resistance zone right around 100 psychological. But same thing, daily uptrend is our guide here. And we're just riding these higher lows, tightening range, bull break. And uh clearly, I mean, you look at XBI divided by SPY, and it's showing us the most significant rotation that we've seen in a couple of months. IWM. So, I've got a long IWM from back couple weeks ago. Daily higher low set. I moved my stop up. And again, this is just how I use wiggle room. 23147 is that support. If 231 breaks, then I stop out. Um, so giving a little wiggle room and using that psychological level. Bull break on Friday with no follow-through means we've got to be cautious of the possibility of a rising wedge. Again, my target is all-time highs. So, I'm either going to stop out with a small win or we're going to get all-time highs for a bigger win. But keeping an eye on this and again, you know, this is a visual guide, but if we're going to break this rising wedge bear, that means we have to break 23147. So that's why I use the price levels as my ultimate guide, not the trend lines, but new highs. I mean, slow and steady, nothing wrong with it. Quantum NQ, this is a very healthy sideways daily consolidation at this point. And again, it's a potential monthly cup and handle. So the thesis here is okay well if the NASDAQ doesn't give me monthly consolidation and keeps heading higher uh then NQ is positioned well for that and so I'm watching it's a 4hour pretty much in equilibrium here. It's on. It's like I I'm not used to watching OONQ intraday and I want a position and I keep looking at it. Ah, I should have grabbed that, you know, Friday morning. Ah, should have grabbed the oversold bounce right off support, but I was watching other things and I just need to train it in my brain to have this be a part of my routine where I'm checking for entries. You know, it would be really nice to get an entry under 41 and put a stop under 40 as far as having a nice riskreward setup. But we'll see how this tightening range breaks. And other names also have tightening ranges. QBTS a little bit weaker, but a tightening range. And RGTI daily equilibrium tightening up, trying for the higher low, but I like the setup on IO and Q a little bit better personally. Uranium name CCJ hit an all-time high but after going straight up no followth through straight up 20% with no daily consolidation. So we get that all-time high we pull back hard and now it's just your standard equilibrium. Big bull move big pullback lower high. These are the levels I care about. Uh if it breaks bare from this daily equilibrium we will call it a weekly bull flag with zero followthrough which means watch for monthly consolidation. But if this sideways daily range breaks bull, then we're going to be right back up looking at all-time highs. Some good volatility in the other names. Okay, a low had a little mini bear break. So, we zoom out to the weekly. It's tightening up on the weekly and SMR had some headline volatility here. Big move up. I mean, this is just look at this for day trading. It's a it's a good one. You got to get used to the bid ask spread and the the volatility obviously, but 32% in two days and then once you top out, bears had full control Thursday and Friday. 20% drop. I mean, how how much more volatility do you need? And the dollar volume's in the I assume it's in the billions, just under under a billion, but still uh great great volatility. I did a cannabis video on its own Friday live stream that's on our YouTube channel. So, not going to touch on it here. And again, these are that's pretty much what I'm watching. Tesla, okay, Tesla significant strength. I'm watching this 4hour channel as a nice visual guide. I drew this early in the week and we bounced right off support. Whenever I draw trend lines, again, knowing they're subjective, uh, I just want to see proof that I should be watching this. And so I drew this and then Tuesday we bounced off of it and that told me, okay, I'm going to keep an eye on these trend lines. Essentially, I'll draw something and then if I see it come into play once, that tells me, yep, you're on the right track. Just keep watching this. And so that's what I'm doing on this current pattern. Could it be a rising wedge? Yes, it's possible. Burden certainly on bears, but uh we've got a nice clear guide and we're up near resistance and if we pull back, we'll watch that support. But overall, again, same thing here. Good volatility both directions. Everybody's eating both bulls and bears. This move up is 16% over a week plus. Then you get a 10% drop over a week plus and then plus 13% in a week and then down 8% and then up 9%. So, uh the vol the range is shrinking a bit but great volatility commodities. So, the dollar what have we been saying? If weekly EMA 12 is resistance, nothing changes. And we just constantly keep projecting. Okay, nothing changes. Moving on. Gold looks great. Weekly equatility was coming. We know to favor the bulls just because of the prevailing trend, blue sky breakout, dollar weakness. It can definitely break either way. We're prepared for either way, but we know we have a little bit of a bull lean because of those factors. And we break bull and we're at all-time highs. And the bulls are looking absolutely great. There are no red flags whatsoever. We're going to look for a daily higher low. We didn't even get to hourly oversold on that most recent pullback. You can see the bulls front ran uh the back burner by a couple points. We probably bottomed out at, you know, 32 hourly RSI, but daily uptrends our guide, but bigger picture, I like the weekly better as a guide. Silver does have a double top we got to be keeping an eye on. won't be meaningful unless we break that 4040 support for me. But same thing, weekly EMA 12 and the miners which broke bull first are just beautiful. That's one hindsight uh thing for me where uh if I could shift a month ago I was traveling. That's my excuse. The bull break happened when I was road tripping. Uh but grabbing minor long exposure. I also have a you know silver is my second largest well with my hedge it's my third largest IRA position so those are my excuses but uh if I was in the zone that equilibrium breaking bull add- on you know that's that's the strategy of averaging up that's a a great spot for it um but can't get them all so we'll look for weekly EMA 12 again just we just want to keep it as simple as possible and this has been the guide the entire year and absolutely nothing will change until that changes. Oil. So, weekly lower high is set. We do have a weekly downtrend, lower highs and lower lows. So, we're back towards support. Energy was strong, but pulling back as well. Again, we broke bull without establishing much support on the way up. Uh, now we're giving a decent chunk back. And again, eventually we'll be looking for an oil monthly higher low, but not as long as we're in a weekly downtrend. And that has to shift. Natural gas has been trying to double bottom. Weekly bounce underway. Again, you know, we got to confirm a weekly uptrend if anything's going to shift meaningfully, but this is an attempt at holding that low. And so, fairly low risk off of that. But again, I still have no interest in natural gas. All right. So, I'll tack on the trade review from almost making a big mistake on Friday. We'll end it with my last Washington road trip videos and I hope you have a great weekend. Don't forget to do good things. All right, I want to talk a little bit about an FUP I did today. And fortunately, it worked out. I bailed myself out, but it's a big reminder to myself. Uh, and we're just going to talk about the psychological aspect as well as as the trade and what went wrong and things like that. Um, but essentially the backdrop is when you're a full-time confident day trader in a streak of just steady gains for for months on end, no big draw downs. The way that I will break that streak is with a solid drop. Why does that happen? That happens because people like myself, I'm confident that I can flip. And when I say flip, I mean, you know, scalp trade, buying and selling partial positions. I'm confident enough that I can flip out of 98% of situations to end up either break even or with a profit. And so when you get that kind of confidence and it works out again and again and again and again, uh again it's, you know, 98% of the time that's fine. But you'll get a 1enter, you know, something happens. whether it's oil going to zero or uh you know what was the the volatility ETF that just blew up something an anomaly happens and what works 98% of the time to bail yourself out ends up not working and gives you a very outsized loss. Uh, and so it's the kind of thing we have to keep reminding ourselves of. And today was a a minor example in the sense that, you know, the loss that I almost took would probably be like a weak loser, giving back a week worth of profits. So, it wasn't extreme in that regard. You know, I've done this before where I've ended up, you know, digging myself in a hole where I end up having to take a threemonth loser or something like that. So, I'm definitely getting better at it. And the the reason I'm getting better at it is because I'm shrinking my my risk and reward my position sizes in the sense that, you know, I'm just going for base hits. I'm not going for big wins right now. But, uh, the setup was XBI had a really strong start to the morning after the jobs data and we broke the high. I was looking for a break of 94 as a a long and I did a break of 94 as a a long and I did a break of 94 as a a long and I did enter long on the morning and took a little profit. It was a fine trade. That was that. Then after the pullback started, I had two orders open and I had KQ bearish position open looking for a fivem minute lower high and a LABU which is the leveraged ETF for XBI looking for a fiveminute higher low and I picked the wrong one. I chose going for labu five minute higher low and uh ended up having to to bail myself out as opposed to having a really solid win going with SQQQ. So that's the way it goes. That's not the mistake. The mistake was uh not having a clear invalidation point for my thesis. You know, I was looking for a fiveminute higher low, ideally holding EMA12. So, as soon as we got to EMA12 on XBI, that's when I started buying some LABU. And then at that point, you know, anything above the low of the day is a fivem minute higher low. And I'm I'm clearly seeing the relative strength. This is a candle at 10:10 is when I started entering. And at that point in time, KQ at 10:10 is already just getting to fiveminute oversold. And so my mindset was, okay, we got relative strength. And if Kikq gets a fiveminute oversold bounce going, considering we just came from highs and we're coming from strength, uh, then XBI is positioned well for a fiveminute higher low. Another mistake that I have, and this is why I say you want to date, you know, tickers and stocks that you're familiar with. Uh, I'm extremely comfortable with Tesla. I know the position sizes. I know when I'm in too large and things like that. With LABU, I made position sizing mistakes where I was, you know, I was planning on entering two orders and my orders were twice as big as they should have been. They should have been half that size. And that's just a lapse in in mental, that's a mental error in terms of just starting with too big a position. And you know, by the time I looked at it, uh, as we're approaching the low of the day and my position size, it was kind of like, whoa, this is way more than I thought I had in terms of dollar value. So, I don't know what the screw- up was there. Just, uh, just the screw up. So, uh, my in the end, my trades end up looking like this. uh you know this is maybe twothirds of them or half of them where I'm just flipping you know I enter a position I'm on the one minute time frame at that point and you know I'm selling partial I did a good what kept me from getting real ugly is I did unload a good bit on this one minute bounce here um looking for the potential that it was just going to be a fivem minute lower high and we'll go with XBI because I was doing all of my decisions based on the XBI chart. So, I did get a good bit off on that. And then we double bottomed at the low of the day. And I'm on the verge. You know, if we break that low of the day, I'm going to have to eat a fat loss. And fortunately, the relative strength continued where again, you know, my mindset is I'm looking for a fiveminute higher low. Kikq's oversold. Kikq then stayed oversold for another 30 minutes. And so, we stayed weak on XBI. And so, you know, the really what separated me here was probably a a three percent move lower would have had me eat a weak loser. In the end, I end up with a tiny green trade like a half day maker or something and I could have had a real big winner. Uh, you know, obviously at that point just get me back to break even. But, uh, it was just on the verge of, uh, classic break from from day trading flow state from the prior 3 months. Um, and so this is a a great wakeup call to remind me uh, you know, essentially to to fix tighten up, you know, don't get loosey goosey, fix all those mistakes, get better about, you know, watching and ensuring that position size isn't too big. Get better about uh, and again, you know, I've been great about it for the last three months. It's just as one. That's how it goes. And that's honestly why uh one of the reasons, you know, if you're trading a futures account or prop firm or whatever, you can limit the amount of capital you have on there, but you know, all it takes is one lapse. You can be on point 99% of the time and that 1% can blow up your account. And so obviously using common shares, uh I'm not going to blow up my account. I'm ensuring that that's not a possibility, but fat losses are a possibility. So, uh, the the number one takeaway would be not having the clear invalidating thesis. I needed to be in a spot where I say this is the five minute higher low or I'm wrong and then just cut it if we get a new low from there. Um, but I didn't have that spot where I was entering the trade setup. And so, you know, this is one of the reasons why I don't just scale into pos. did here scale into a couple positions, but why I've shifted my style away from that and more to a a clear cut and dry. That's the low or I'm wrong. Uh to give a clear invalidation point. So, a nice reminder. In the end, it worked out, but uh got to stay on top of it. Bird party.