============================================================
Video: wzVMLJXU1HI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Sees Some Risk On
Date: 2025-12-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4597
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:46.693416
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Currently in travel mode, but content never stops. We got a market to check in on with the FOMC this coming week ahead and the probabilities of a rate cut pretty high, 87% or so. We saw a shift to risk on this past week in some semi unrelated sectors like quantum, some uranium, some rare earth, robotics, drones. They all had very similar setups and we'll take a look at those. We got Tesla to check in on silver oil lots. Let's go. All right. So, starting on weekly time frames, we got the S&amp;P 500 closing at the highest price ever with a bit of a V-shaped bounce. We were watching if we were going to get to daily oversold. We got real close into the V-shaped recovery and pretty much just knocking on the door of all-time highs. We have this little resistance zone is the only thing left and that's currently what we are rejecting from. Keeping in mind again the fact that we just went straight up with very minimal consolidation at this point. Uh we can keep tightening up and remain healthy. If we pull this up on the two-day time frame and smooth it out a bit we could pull back, set a higher low and still remain just fine. So uh the burden's on bears as we know we've been seeing very healthy rotation still going on. uh where we've got again the semiconductors and big tech on one side, we've got XLF and XLV on the other side generally speaking and they have been doing some tag team type of action. It is still semiconductors leading the way. The NASDAQ overall is a little bit weaker just in the sense that we're not quite as close to knocking on the door of that resistance zone and that is because some of the other sectors like the financial sector have stepped up significantly over the last week or so. So again, very minimal consolidation on the V-shaped bounce. FOMC this week ahead. It's going to bring some volatility midweek. And pretty much for me, the FOMC is going to dictate do we set weekly lower highs or not. If it's a bearish reaction, weekly lower highs are definitely on the table. And of course, if it's a bullish reaction, we're going to be talking about all-time highs. So far, at this point, knowing that we're coming from a meltup market, I haven't seen anything that has told me that has changed yet. We got close. We confirmed the first daily downtrend in five or six months. That's not enough to say we're in a bare market. You got to confirm daily downtrends along the way. It was pretty shocking that we hadn't done so in six months. Uh but again, nothing at this point that says uh anything shifting and I'm waiting for those signs bigger picture. Personally, I'm day trading a little bit less into the end of the year. still doing the swing trade thing, but uh I'm viewing the end of the year here as more of a pumping the brakes kind of scenario because things did shift on the daily chart there just a bit and I want to be more observant as I watch what's going to be the result of that shift. Is it back up meltup mode, business as usual, or is something bigger shifting? Semiconductors still extremely strong again. All-time high close there on the weekly chart. daily chart just straight up. Pretty much a stairst step move for the last nine days. Not exactly because of that little lower wick down there, but bearish candle Friday just closing near the low. Again, wouldn't be surprising at all to see daily consolidation and then we look for a daily higher low. We watch the response to hourly oversold conditions and if hourly oversold marks a daily higher low, the bulls keep their complete control. That's our standard view of things. in some names this past week which we're going to look at like metal miners had hourly oversold mark the daily higher low. NVDA has not been the reason for this semiconductor strength. Look at that bounce. NVDA and Google are still doing their inverse thing and it's not very volatile right now. Google's mostly just sideways up near the all-time high and NVDA is mostly just sideways down near its recent low. But uh this could be a bare flag. Weekly bounce did just get underway, but taking a backseat while other semiconductors take the lead, so to speak. At this point, it is a daily uptrend with no followth through. And so again, keeping an eye out for the possibility that that is a bare flag on NVDA. And the other names, MU equilibrium. That drawing was a little bit off, but generally the right idea. Lower high, higher low. So, nice equilibrium there. AMD, one of the weaker bounces. Uh, but overall, SMH still very strong. Healthcare. So, healthcare was trying to set a daily higher low off EMA 12 to be very to stay very strong and we shifted into a little dinky lower high and lower low. And so, that tells me zoom out to the weekly and weekly consolidation's underway. So healthcare was a lead bull major sector for the month of November. We went pretty much straight up 10% for that month. So the weekly pullback is not surprising at all. And again as a bigger picture bull when I look at this I say great. Why would I say great? Because the sector that was just leading for a month and while it was leading we had things like SMH pulling back, QQQ pulling back, XLF pulling back and now as all those things are bouncing with a solid two green weeks in a row now XLV is pulling back. It's just that tag team action still at this point. And so, you know, best case scenario for the bulls would be XLV sets a weekly higher low holding EMA 12 right about the time that we get consolidation in some of these other major sectors. And again, for me, it is so meaningful when we see all major sectors dropping together. And that has happened a couple times on the daily chart during that last period of consolidation, but not in a meaningful way. I am still seeing the rotation that the bulls want to be seeing. And one of the things that I'm going to be watching for is the financial sector. The financial sector is up 1% in five months. It's sideways. It's not doing anything. And I'm watching to see if it's about to get its turn. There's, you know, we're just seeing taking of turns. Here's the monthly chart for XLV. So, for four months, XLV just went straight up 21%. During those four months, XLF did nothing. Sideways, not bearish, but not doing much, just rangebound. And we looked at recently how we held that key support. There was a right neckline and a left neckline on a potential head and shoulders. And we held the left neckline and Vshape bounced. And now we're right back to testing our resistance zone. But I'm watching can the bulls because I look at the monthly chart for XLF. And if I take it in the context of the S&amp;P 500 relative weakness, but if I just look at this chart on its own, this is an extremely bullish chart. This is a V-shaped bounce to all-time highs and a monthly bull flag right off EMA12. We bounced off EMA12 near daily oversold. Uh there are no red flags whatsoever on this chart. Um and also a important distinction to make. You can think the market's overextended. That doesn't mean it's bearish. Those are two very different things. Uh not being comfortable longing at a certain level is fine if that's where you stand personally, but that also doesn't mean it's bearish. We have to see support breaking, all major sectors dropping together. We have to see the signs. Um you know, being extended is not enough of a reason to disregard the trends because the trends are all still bullish on all of these things. And so if XLF is going to get a turn and hit new all-time highs, it's just going to be the continued rotation game. And so XLF had a nice little daily bull flag here and we're up knocking on the door of this upper 53 resistance zone. And it's possible we reject and stay tight into next year, early next year. But again, as I said in a recent video, the direction that XLF breaks this range is going to be very meaningful to me because it has been a non-factor for so long now. Whose team is it going to join? Is it going to join team bowl or team bear? And it was close to joining team bear, but it didn't. And so now, do we do we remain rangebound with a lower high and keep tightening up or can bulls make this shift? And so I'm paying more attention to the financial sector than I have in months uh just watching it on a daily basis. IWM, I view IWM as pretty much it needs permission from XLF. uh just because again the financial sector is its largest holdings and you will very rarely see IWM going anywhere meaningful without XLF doing the same but it is a double top right now up at all-time highs again quick little daily higher low bull flag back here and a big benefit you can see that obviously that twoe bounce one of the bigger twoe bounces just to get back to that all-time high already and again talking about the risk on that we've been seeing we'll talk about that in just a moment But if XLF breaks that range bull, uh, IWM will do so as well. Tesla, I'm bullish Tesla until I have a reason not to be. Why? Because it's a monthly cup and handle. The burden is on bears to prove to us that this is not a monthly cup and handle. We pulled back just under key resistance after a a significant period of consolidation and a significant recovery. We pulled back. Our retracement on that monthly consolidation is less than 382. We're holding monthly EMA 12 and bulls are still battling for that cup and handle. And so between, you know, I'm I'm very often day trading Tesla. It's one of my most frequent day traders. And I very often turn those day trades into little swing trades just with runner positions. And so I'm pretty much going to have Tesla long exposure until I get a clear indication that this is not, you know, my targets all-time highs. Uh we're getting a little bit of love from the robotics narrative that's been going on. And you got NVDA CEO going on Joe Rogan and saying he's really excited for the Tesla robots, yada yada. Uh so that's part of the narrative here, but relative strength this past week. Quick little bull flag. Definitely a very clear resistance zone around 470. uh very open to the possibility that we set a weekly lower high compared to it and tighten up for a while, but a nice strong close on the weekly chart. And that is the second highest weekly close by a dollar, less than $2. Second highest weekly close ever in the history of the stock. Uh so that's meaningful. All right, so risk on. And I posted a little video for chart guys members and also put it on Twitter talking about how these weekly charts on these seemingly unrelated names look so very similar where they topped out mid-occtober weekly stairst step drop and this past week they were weekly inside bars and we know weekly bounces then the likely scenario and we know a weekly lower high will eventually be the most likely result of that bounce. But it was quantum names like NQ, it was OKLO uranium. It was USAR, CRML, low cap, rare earth names. It was there's a bunch, but they were all It was psychedelic names. ATAI, little low cap psychedelic weekly bounce underway. And so all of these names that were on that list were all the best performers this week. Again, seemingly unrelated sectors, but clearly it's a risk on the way that I view it is, you know, you get the little headline drops where, okay, the Trump administration is going to focus on robotics and, you know, these little headlines that help, but the wave, the underlying wave is the shift into risk on. And the little headlines are just determining, you know, which names are going to be at the top of the list of percentage moves this past week, uh, versus names that are not. But there were some really nice patterns here just you know for quantum just daily inverse head and shoulders. We saw these shaping up uh where you got a lower high lower low. Let's just draw it real quick. So left shoulder head bare flag with no follow through bounce. There's your right shoulder. And as soon as that daily high or low is set, that's now the level you're playing off of. And I posted in the swing trade channel on Tuesday at some point that's now the level to make the the clear statement. That's the daily high or low for the inverse head and shoulders or I'm wrong. And obviously the increasing bull volume I mean these names had double digit percentage days mixed in there 15% plus. But just from the low of Monday 36% move. And when I was talking about these names I was saying even week week because these names are so volatile they went up hundreds of percent. They topped out mid October they pulled back 40 to 70%. because they're so volatile. Even a weak week weekly bounce is a 40% bounce. And so, you know, could this be a weekly bare flag on QBTS? It's still possible. We need more information, but at this point from the low, we bounced 52%. And so, you don't need it to go back to the highs. Uh, but again, now we scout a weekly lower high to be the most likely result of this bounce eventually in the coming week or two. But uh a very nice move and we had again just confluence of signals where look at the morning volume surges. A bunch of these names put out more. We had a a bull morning volume surge on OQ on Thursday. And again that's when you're the normal pattern is your highest volume candle is the first five minutes of the day far more often than not majority of the time. And when it's not that we want to know because that's different. That's a clue. And you very often see significant follow-through. We actually had a bare one on uh Friday here. Bare signal and then look at this EMA 12 rider. Fiveminute EMA 12. Reject, reject, reject, reject, reject. And then as soon as you get over it, the entire character of that chart changes. And so if you're looking at that and looking to go long, nothing changes. If five minute of the EMA 12 is resistance, I'm tying together a bunch of concepts here. Morning volume surge indicator and EMA writer, which I did the webinar on. uh if you look up chart guys EMA rider uh but just a really nice example of complete control and then as soon as that shift happens on a nice volume spike everything about the chart is these are two different charts I mean you've got your morning and then you've got your afternoon and it's all bears and then not all bulls but a very significant move off the lows anyways back to morning volume surge on Thursday they were firing in a number of places US is the rare earth name I've been focusing on more. But look at that follow through. I mean, you get that signal. Worst entry on that candle is 1472. And at that point, just nothing but follow through. Low cap name, more volatile, 20% follow-through from that point through the rest of the day. Just a monster move. Uh Thursday was very glaringly. My quant my list was just quantum names up 12 to 16%, rare earth names up 10 to 25%. Uh and then the robotic names RR I mean look at this move in volume on RR they had earnings in play as well but SV robotics name again just the theme here is all bears from midocctober they all topped out the same weekly candle the same weekly stairstep drop for everybody 72% bounce in two weeks as soon as that gets going and again a nice narrative behind it haven't checked in on the drone names as much. Joby, there's there's honestly there's too many to focus on. So, I'm just, you know, I watch Quantum, which is ONQ, QBTS, RGTI, and Rare Earth. Those are the two out of this bigger picture growth group that I've been keeping an eye on. And again, just great trading opportunity. I mean the quantum names bearish on Friday inside bars but just beautiful range you know from the open to the low of the day 8% drop just get your piece of the pie only need a couple percent of that 8% range. So bigger picture weekly lower high is the most likely scenario but uh not just yet. dollar on the weekly rejected from this zone. And this is obviously now the most important resistance zone. Meant to talk about UNH. There was another inverse head and shoulders in healthcare. Took this swing trade. We were watching this setup inside bar. Entered bullish on this day. 326 average. Target was 341 for an initial target because why did I choose that level? Because it was just under this resistance. Uh we got to that level. I sold enough to get risk- free with a stop under 320. Some wiggle room under that level. And then unfortunately the healthc care sector continued to weaken. So, it's pretty much just going to boil down to can UNH hold 320 by the time XLV sets a weekly higher low for this trade to follow through or does XLV stay weaker and UNH drops down and breaks that low and I stop out break even. And the trade is for a monthly higher low 60% whatever bounce. This is the monthly higher low attempt. And I'm either going to stop out break even or we're going to confirm a monthly uptrend over 400. So, dollar rejected from that zone, broke weekly support. So, monthly consolidation is underway and that's been helping the metals. Silver real strong still. Daily bull flag, new all-time high Friday. No followthrough, but again, just extremely strong. And gold weaker. And we got to keep an eye on this because there's a clear resistance zone that we've rejected from three times now. And if we cannot get over this, if we drop down and break this daily support, then that's going to be a weekly lower high. And we're going to keep tightening up sideways. And I'll just be viewing that. If that happens, I'll just be viewing this as a lower high. We'll come back down. We'll watch EMA2 again. Uh we can tighten up into January if that is the case. So that's worth watching in the short term. again the miners as I mentioned uh GDXJ I was watching for the the cup and handle attempt here for this bull flag and it is still possible as long as 104 is support but this was a nice setup and shout out to a few chart guys members who are all over it but we hit first hourly oversold with the daily higher low the most likely scenario and it happened in a 30 minute super stack so what does that mean that means RSI was crushed on a 30 minute, 15 minute, 5 minute. That's my ideal setup. Unfortunately, I was hitting the road to get here as that was happening. So, I didn't take the trade. But uh I love when things are because again if I'm playing for an hourly oversold bounce and things are extreme on the 55 minute 30 minute I can I say to myself okay even if we just get a fiveminute bounce that allows me enough to position to try and have a runner for the hourly oversold bounce to then play out and if you're wrong [clears throat] you stop out break even or small loss no big deal so just you know how my style how I would have traded this if I make an entry let's say it's on the 5m minute stairst step breaking bull or even if I'm a bit early 10450 I would sell partial you know 105 stop under 104 for my remaining position and hope it plays out and if it doesn't no biggie but a nice move we ended up having a a hourly super stack overbought marking the top so again what does that mean that means we're getting to extreme RSI levels on the hourly the 30 minute the 15 minute the five minute all together and then we rolled over significantly from there but still keeping an eye on the miners. As long as 104 is support on GDXJ for the possibility it's a cup and handle but again gold's going to dictate things. If gold breaks that daily support then we're going to enter some consolidation for metals and miners. So that's going to be a top watch. FOMC is going to dictate that obviously oil. So headline factor in oil if we get Venezuela escalation bullish oil bullish energy the energy sector relative strength is at four-year highs for how much stronger XLE is than oil and natural gas is a part of that. We'll look at that in just a moment. But again just going back to oil. I think it was last video where we talked about the different time frame relationship. We're looking for a monthly higher low is the most likely scenario. We have couple monthly inside bars. Obviously, this most recent one is just starting. Okay, we're scouting a monthly higher low. Let's zoom into the weekly. What do we need for a monthly higher low to be set? We need a weekly trend change to the bulls. What do we need for a weekly trend change to the bulls? We need a weekly higher low. It's a weekly stairstep drop, lower high every week for five weeks. That broke bull. Okay. What do we need for the weekly higher low to be set? We need a daily trend change to the bulls. That happened. Inverse head and shoulders. There were a lot of those this past week. Left shoulder head. And again, head and shoulders and inverse head and shoulders are just trend changes. You're just going from a downtrend to an uptrend. It's just a a way to visualize it. But that's all that's happening. Lower highs and lower lows, higher low and higher high. It's very straightforward in that regard. So, daily uptrend confirms weekly higher low is set. So, now what? Well, now we have to see the bulls break weekly resistance up at 6254. that is 4% away maybe to set the monthly higher low. That's what we're watching for into the end of the year. Energy sector again already stronger and just on Friday here we hit the highest level that we've seen in seven months, eight months, a bunch of months. Natural gas. So natural gas bottomed and it's been doing a really good job. Nice follow-through volume. And again, remember going back to UNNG just from videos ago. This is probably from the video on November 8th where I said if this level can hold, we don't got to worry about a megaphone. I was watching for the possibility because we had a bare break, no follow through, and some bull breaks with no follow through. So, I was saying if we've got to worry about a megaphone or not. If that level holds, you don't got to worry about it because bears don't prove anything. We came right down this past week, two weeks ago. That level was 1352. We held it by seven pennies and then ripped to higher highs. So, I would suggest putting those lines in the sand levels on your charts. I don't have to think about anything if this doesn't break. If this doesn't break, we're going to assume that what has already happened is going to continue happening. And so that's my mindset on GDXJ. GDXJ, if this level is support, then bulls have full control. Yes, we're chopping around. Yes, that's not an ideal Friday candle, but that's the level. If that breaks, okay, things shift. Zoom out, reassess, whatever. That level doesn't break, no reassessing needs to be done. And that's my view on Tesla on the monthly chart. If that level is support, it is bullish. The only way the bears are going to prove to me that it's not a monthly cup and handle is by breaking 382. Now, obviously, I don't want to sip through a 15% drop to get to that level. But again, just in terms of analyzing trends or bigger picture things, if you could just make it simple, right? That's what we're trying to do here in a very complex world of flashing numbers. Make things simple, clear statements. If this is support, then it's bullish. If this is resistance, XLF, if this resist is resistance, bulls don't prove anything and we're going to stay rangebound. Um, so that's my approach to the market very often. But a really nice bounce for natural gas off those lows. Again, it was just I didn't trade this, but it was the bare flag that confirmed with no follow through. We've seen that a number of times on natural gas. and a nice shift. All right, so that's where we stand in the week ahead. FOMC risk on to a certain degree this past week. FOMC is going to dictate the rest from here in the short term, the rest of the year. Uh again, got to be aware of wash trading into the end of the year. Definitely don't give back your gains or do anything silly trying to get an arbitrage. You know, right now my account is my swing trading accounts at all-time high as IRA, but day trading accounts a little bit off the all-time high and so I have to fight my brain and tell it it doesn't matter if it closes at the all-time high to end the year or not. It's literally meaningless. It's just this end of day that, you know, my brain tells me, oh, I want to be at all-time highs. And you got to combat that because that for for that that tricks you into forcing trades. Okay. Hope you're well. Do good things. Possome