============================================================
Video: WGxjd7ZP284
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers on Defense!
Date: 2025-12-14
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8009
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:22.946518
============================================================

The market tried to claw its way higher but failed to test the all-time high resistance and then closed weak. Are we seeing the beginning of a rugpull? Or is it just a matter of poor location longs getting shaken out? And how are we going to tell the difference going forward? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chartist team where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we'll go over all that and more. So, let's get into it. Okay, so starting off with SPY here. uh like we were talking about just now during Wednesday and Thursday's trade the market clawed its way higher. Now Wednesday was the FOMC uh meeting the market priced in you know near certainty of a uh rate cut. We did get that rate cut and there was optimism off the back of that rate cut but like I said earlier did not test the all-time high resistance and then the sellers kind of stole the week um into the close here. So, you know, is this a big red flag right now? I would say not really. Um, as of at least as of right now, it's not really a big deal because all that's happened is we've tested the low of the all-time high supply. So, this is the structure these buyers are trying to take out right now. The best case scenario would have uh defensively at least would have been for them to hold over its point of control at 68336 to affirm it as demand and then stay positioned well for new highs. They could not get that done, but they did manage to keep price within this range with just uh breaking its low ever so slightly. 67917 was the low. 67924 is the low of this structure. So, it's really just still a battle for this right now. And, you know, it's not terribly surprising to get this kind of a move because all that we've really seen ever since uh Friday, November 28th, has just kind of been sideways trade within this range. So, I'm thinking likely some poor location longs got taken out here, but there's probably still some poor location longs with stops under here, stops under here. And I wouldn't be surprised if these sellers try to punch it next week and take out those um buyers with stops under here as well. And when would it become problematic really if we get back under 673.95? So, we've kind of been watching the same key levels for a few weeks now. And that's really all that we need to keep doing in order to assess, okay, well, how much selling is too much? As of right now, if next week they can just keep holding this low, 67924, that's a pretty solid hold here. If the if they can get back over 68336, we're right back to looking at the potential for new highs. Like, that would be greatly increased. And unless these sellers can get back under 673.95, any selling next week, we would just consider that weak selling because again really what all that's happened is this breakout, right? The this is all that we should care about right now in the like near term. This is the most recent breakout. It's a breakout back over this guy after buyers failed to hold it here. Um and so it's right back to that, right? That's all that we should care about right now in this moment. If they can just keep affirming this November 25th breakout, then it's really not a big deal at all. All right, so we'll see what this house can get done. And if we do see lower lows next week, honestly, even trading sideways would would not be that big of a deal. Recall, we were looking out for this to be a potential head and shoulders, and that's like obviously not um coming to fruition right now, but this could be a situation where you look at like a double top and then fall back down. So, it's kind of like a, you know, conjoined twin head and shoulders or whatever. Um, but that's still like that that possibility is not really on the table right now. We would have to get under 673.95 for the sellers. Everything really depends on whether or not they can get back to negating this breakout, negating this breakout. All right, I think did we do trades on thing? We got taken out of one. I still think that's a pretty reasonable place to be looking for retracement. That was the stopout. And that is pretty much it for spot. Uh moving on to the Q's here. So for the Q's um very similar but relative weakness here, right? So we are still looking out for this potential to be a kind of janky head and shoulders here. And the idea is as long as the all-time high supply is acting as resistance, then we're going to say, okay, this is a potentially head and shoulders here. Now, the sellers, again, there's relative weakness here, did get price back down to the October 10th high, trying to negate this breakout, trying to negate this breakout. Um, but they didn't find acceptance under it so far. And they did fail to test the value area high. So, value is still moving higher relative to this prior area of demand. So, I'm thinking next week, what we should care about then is going to be this guy, the value area high. Can these sellers get down there? If we see a lower low under Friday's low that can't touch this value area high and then we find acceptance back over 61318 then we'll know okay this selling is not terribly strong right now. It's still kind of weak. Um now that being said, what did these buyers have to get done? They haven't been able to affirm this structure as demand ever. They didn't break out over it and they couldn't come and test the uh point of control throughout all of this trade here and they got caught up at the value area low instead. So, um, that's really it. And then if we if sellers really punch it, then the objective is to get back to holding this guy, this fell over here as demand. This 59813, I think we have trades on setup. So, the KQ sell this did not stop stop us out. Um, so at this point now, if you did take, you know, trade in here, I do think it would be reasonable to be looking for an exit. just take take your partials even if it's just like this piece or you know 2/3 or whatever um just because the larger trends are basically I think it should be conservative with your profit taking because you're still going against the um bigger picture trends right the monthly chart is still you know on a tear here the weekly time frame we had a lower low no follow through the daily chart if you don't count this little dinky daily higher low here then there's a lot of space for a higher low over this guy so the momentum is still to the upside right now. And like we were discussing in prior um episodes, um typically strong years heading into December finish strong. So I wouldn't be surprised if we do finish strong. So you know, again, you're going you're going against a lot of momentum. So if you did hit this cell using this trade zone, I do recommend chopping it up and um just walking leaving your stop right there is fine. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it. I mean, it's only like a 2% stop even if you were to eat the full stop, but still, um, you know, when you're going counter trend, it's just better to be more protective in my opinion. Um, this dog is an absolute bruise. She just she just rammed her head into the corner of this desk and didn't didn't even bat an eye. Um anyway, that's pretty much it. Moving on. Oops. Moving on then to the rut here. So, the rut is still showing us a lot of relative strength. And despite the weakness on Friday, the sellers failed to back test the prior all-time high, 25277. So, not only is 25277 the prior all-time high, it's pretty much exactly where this flat top is. So, this local daily breakout is being affirmed, as long as you're holding over 25277. And I'm thinking this, you're probably not going to see major market weakness as long as the small caps are are holding up well. So, and and if you look through all of the different sectors, um there's a lot that are just kind of near the high. So, zoom out, I guess. And finance broke to a new alltime high. Uh communications, which is now the third largest holding, I believe. I think I have this in order. third largest holding doing just fine. Uh, discretionary doing just fine. Healthcare looking for a higher low here. XLI just broke new all-time highs. Staples just kind of trading sideways. It was very durable throughout like the 2022 decline. Just kind of hanging out in this big old range. Uh, energy also just hanging out, trading sideways. Utilities, now we're getting into like single digit sector waiting. So, it's really not that big of a deal. Um, but, you know, not not too far off its highs. Real estate is kind of doing nothing for a long time. materials I think is the last one. Again, just kind of trading sideways. So, it's not really, you know, you're not really seeing a lot of notable weakness anywhere. So, I'm thinking um overall market probably probably fine in the um short term. Additionally, the fear and greed index I think is still in fear. So, you know, major tops usually not set in usually not set in fear. Um, so I'm thinking yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Space for a daily higher low. Anything over 2550.10 is going to be good for one. And if these buy, if these sellers can't get under 2277 is really no problem at all. If they can get back down on 25277, I think we should care about 244.98. That's this guy. That's the prior alltime here high here. It was problematic for these buyers over here. very problematic for these buyers over here. They missed the back test over over here, which let us know that selling was weak. If you recall, we would we discussed that in prior weeks. And if they can continue to defend against 344.98 and just kind of trade sideways here, that would actually still be very constructive, bigger picture. All right, something like that would be fine. All right, so moving on then to the Dow. So the Dow came into our trade zone, got to the target. This is the new daily no change level 48 1.93. So again, space for a higher low. Anything over 475.36 is going to be good for one. Just looking at the way this volume is distributed, I really wouldn't have a lot of confidence in doing a trade zone a little bit higher. So if anything, I I think it would be reasonable to recycle this zone again. Again, I know it's already come into our zone and hit target, but if I would be more comfortable just recycling the zone. only the most aggressive momentum traders on the daily time frame would be looking to look for a back test of this local daily demand zone. But, you know, I can't in good conscious do set that up for these um videos just because I I like to keep these a little bit more um conservative. So, you know, not an official call, but a momentum style trader would be comfortable back testing this guy, especially if we get a drive higher. If we like drive for two or three days higher and then get get make it such that you have enough space that on a retracement you would have hourly extension into this guy. All right, that would make a back test of this guy looking for a buy a a bit more reasonable in my opinion. All right, so that's really it for the Dow. Uh moving on to the dollar. So the dollar really no change to the dollar either. Um why oh got this BHS on here. All right, so for the dollar again we're just watching these two key structures here. That's why we set up the uh trade zones as such. I still stand by both. If the dollar does move down to rotate to test this guy again, I I think it's very reasonable to be looking for uh bonafishing. Again, this is just responsive trade. Whenever you have responsive trade, price is just balancing, trading sideways. Your best bet is to just determine which two key structures are creating all of this balance. Right now, it's these two guys. Um just like this guy over here was creating all these lows down here. And we set up some cells as well against this guy over here. This one, one of them was a stopout if I recall correctly, but then, you know, once you hit it again, uh, it did get to the other side of balance. So, that's really essentially what's happening here. Um, buyers don't negate the change of this most recent breakdown without getting back over 98.720. Lots of space for a daily lower high under 99.305. Certainly notable that this lower high was pretty much set right off of the value area low of that gateway structure, one of the this gateway structure over here. Uh, which the market already told us is important with this PC rejection here. and all of these rejections from the value area low over here over here etc. So I think very reasonable to just keep uh recycling this trade zone. Gold still looks totally fine at this point. Now there's a new daily breakout. Anything uh rather this breakout is being affirmed as long as you're holding over 4264.7. Um space for a daily higher low? Anything over 4169.985 is going to be good for one. I think if you pop and drop here, don't make a new high, roll back down under the de development point of control over here, that sets up these trades again, like the the drop and pops against this structure and or pass back over the development value area low. This essentially it was both of those setups. This was a move under the development value area low. Not really that much acceptance. You can buy that, pass back over it, target the development point of control. It was also buying a pass back over this breakout point. This this is continues to be a reasonable setup even though the development value area low has now set up much higher. If you see a situation where you get a move like this lack of acceptance under the dval relative to where the deep is you're playing to get back to here essentially then you can buy that pass back over the dval target this guy and then throw a stop under the low of the move give it enough wiggle room or whatever relative to this guy. So if we were to set it up to this guy. So if we were to set it up to this guy. So if we were to set it up just like this right now today, you would look something along these lines and you know, all right, if I want to give it enough wiggly room for QR, I would ride this minor risk and if price action occurs like this, takes that red zone out, all right, then I just don't do this trade. But if you pop back over it, do something like that. Okay, fine. We can do that trade there. Set our stop there because then we would be assuming this is the low and if it gets taken out, okay, fine. We're wrong. And we can give it enough wiggle room down to here. All right, so that's pretty much it for gold. Moving on to MVDA. So NVDA, a notable weakness for sure at this point. Now again, I'm thinking uh you know, we gave you this guy as the uh kind of aggressive trade zone, using this fellow over here, dipped into it, got the target, it's back into it. Now, I still think it's a reasonable place to be looking for trade, but as I've been saying for months now, I would much prefer a test over here. like this back test of a back test of this area where there was a lot more value established to me is a is a much more interesting prospect than being aggressive in here. Very often you'll see these, you know, large areas of balance get back tested. Um they don't always touch down on them. Like over here, this move doesn't quite touch down on this low. This guy comes back to back test this big range over here. This low is just back testing this range over here. So I'm more inclined to uh be interested in trade if we can back this this guy because you know bigger picture essentially this is a monthly breakout right and so if we retrace back down to here test this monthly breakout level but and hold it okay well then this monthly breakout continues to be affirmed and then if we just trade sideways there that's fine right if we were to just trade sideways like this that would be like a 40% move assuming we can get position well for it so I'm most interested in that all right what what happens down here it would also potentially set up on the weekly TDST setup set up. Um, which you know again is something I'm I'm most interested in the monthly setup, but I think the weekly also had good expected value if I recall correctly. Uh, yeah, I would I would say so if you can capture one of these TDST uptrends, then um that would that will work out quite well. So that's pretty much it. It's basically would be hoping for like a repeat of this where a new series begins, it gets taken out without very much acceptance and then, you know, a new series begins again. So, I would like for it to be a setup like this, but we'll see. I don't I don't I don't know if I back tested this actually. Um, if not, I I will, but just looking at the way this name is trended, it should be profitable. All right, so that's pretty much it for MVDA. Moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin is still just a battle for let me just get all these arrows out of here, I guess. Bitcoin is still just a battle for this guy. So, we're still just watching this key structure here. Recall what we were looking out for is the goal for the sellers should be to negate this breakout. They failed to do that over here and they failed to do so as of right now. Um the you know these lows are made right off of this demand zone over here such that if you were to mark it up I I I'm that if you were to mark it up I I I'm that if you were to mark it up I I I'm confident I feel like I've already done this but there's no drawing there. I'm confident that you would probably get some good hits just off of this guy right pretty much just to move down to the value area low and then uh this higher low here pretty much right off the point of control. So instead of being able to rotate down to test this breakout point, this breakout point over all of this demand, the sellers got stalled over here. Now the next objective for them then for these buyers would be to get back over this guy because getting back over this guy which made for all the lows in this range and then the highs in this range would essentially have us expecting this kind of price action. So super key test here. Battling it out for this point of control. All those arrows, if you just were to zoom in, they were just showing you how reactive the point of control, right? point of control hits point of control hits have been and these really major value area low value area high hits as well. So market is telling us yes we very much care about this reference structure here again because it's kind of like the midline between this guy and between this guy over here. We we do have to continue to be mindful of this potential head and shoulders and Bitcoin in general like I'm kind of wary of it now you know like what is the new what is the narrative you know like there like it or not and you can you can you know bring bring the hate in the comments if you like there's no real use case for Bitcoin and again I hold Bitcoin I hold significant amount of Bitcoin like relative to overall holdings you know I think most institutions with like fiduciaries whatever would suggest like a 1 to 2% or whatever but um it's closer to like 10 to 15% for me. Um, so I hold it. Um, but to 15% for me. Um, so I hold it. Um, but to 15% for me. Um, so I hold it. Um, but you know my concerns for Bitcoin bigger picture are like what is the narrative now? Like it's really just a happening. For a long time it was like payment processing and then you know there were altcoins and ICOs and NFTTS and then it became about ETFs and now the ETFs are here. So what is next you know like what is this the next narrative that that can drive another hype run? I'm not sure. I think I think there's the potential that we need a winter uh period again, you know, like another 80% decline or whatnot, which you know, Bitcoin has done tons of times. That that would not be that would not be a breaker at all. And uh for me personally, if that were to happen, we see like a 60 70 80% decline. I think this time around, instead of buying Bitcoin itself, I'd probably buy those ETFs because then I could sell um options around it. Right? You can sell options on the way down in fact, right? can sell cash occurred puts on the way down to try to position and start collecting credit before even taking, you know, getting put any shares. So, that's my plan. Bigger picture. Um, I know that doesn't really it's kind of outside the scope of these videos, but um yeah, that's that's what I got bouncing around the noggin here. This is potentially a weekly barefoot. Super weak bounce right now. Space for a weekly lower high under 116410.1 uh 06. And you know, if you can't hold this point of control, these higher highs lacking follow-through, not a good look. and we are very far away from negating this breakdown back under 98892.97. So, um that does not look good to me in my in my opinion, but you know things can look bad and then turn around quickly. So, we shall see. Um I don't think we set up a trade zone for Bitcoin. I think if anything recycling this trade zone as a buyer is reasonable, although now that you're kind of trading sideways here, all of these RSIs are kind of cooling off. I would prefer you to use this trade zone if there was, you know, some kind of major extension into it. Uh, moving on to Ethereum. So, Ethereum, it looks like it just barely missed coming into our zone. Uh, I still think it's a reasonable area to be looking for sells. Remember this trade zone, technically it's an ad for this one. Um, and I and I it's an ad for this one. Um, and I and I it's an ad for this one. Um, and I and I do recall there being some comments that were doubtful that we would revisit the 2000s. Um, I think it's good to be mindful of that, right? like there's no reason to doubt anything. Like you anything can happen and instead of like thinking trying to make decisions based off what you think could happen or should happen or whatever. Um it's easier to just use our references, you know, like you might think that your partner is faithful, right? And because you love them so much, you think that they're faithful and so you know, whatever. But it would be good if you if there were some references that started popping up that you would believe those references, right? So even if you doubted that Ethereum could come back down to these 2500 levels, um what would you have to see to start thinking that? Right? And for me it was okay well if we fall back under this guy then that the odds of that would increase significantly right and after we do fall under this guy that's exactly where I start having problems and then that's that's pretty much our next destination. So, going back to your partner, you might have absolute trust in them. You love them. You've been with them forever, whatever. But if they start hitting the gym, you know, like really hard, dieting, um staying over their friend's house, you know, like uh whatever, talking to a lawyer, right? You see, you know, emails or whatever of correspondence between them and a lawyer. [snorts] They don't they have a new phone. They have a second phone, right? like I don't know like these things start adding up and then you you should be a be willing to change your minds particularly as traders right you need to be flexible you want to have I mean just in general it's good to have strong convictions held loosely right like you should believe strongly in what you believe but you should also be willing to let go of those beliefs if you get good information new information um you know basically like the opposite of authoritarianism essentially so that's uh anyway that's my spiel on that So now for Ethereum, I still think this is a pretty reasonable place to be looking for trade. It's designed around this key structure over here, right where all these three peaks were. Um, if anything, now that you've had like a little higher um higher low, higher high situation, you might even want to make an adjustment here since we missed anyway. Something along these lines, be a bit more conservative with it. Uh, and try to cover more of this range. I think that's actually, you know, fine. basically just looking for a more responsive trade, rejecting against this local supply, rejecting against this reference structure that was, you know, very, very helpful in the past. That's pretty much it for Ethereum. I would say technically the trend is bullish. Higher lows and higher highs and must be showing relative strength on the ETH BTC chart because this bounces better. It is. So maybe maybe you know maybe the Ethereum buyers are going to see a little bit of relative strength in the short term. At least that will be the case as long as that ETHBTC chart is in an uptrend. And then finally, CCJ here. So for CCJ, again, I don't really care about anything else. I really just want to see a back test of this major area over here. That's just such a large higher time frame structure and we've ripped up over it by quite a bit that I'm expecting there to be some kind of retracement to back test the highs. Just like these lows are back testing these highs over here, just like these lows are back testing this high over here. Lots of space for a monthly higher low. Anything over 35 bucks will be good for one weekly time frame. Space for a lower high. Uh lower low already achieved, but need a lower high and a lower low for us to be confident in that weekly downtrend being affirmed. And that's pretty much it. I think we had an aggressive zone set up, right? Guess not. But I don't care for it personally. I would just prefer for it, you know, in here. That's my personal preference. Um, I've also not I think there were like some some weakness in some of the more speculative nuclear plays too, like these um modular reactor plays, right? I think there was another one. I don't recall. Either way, that doesn't that doesn't look good. Is it NU is another one? No, not sure. Um, all right. So, let's get on to trade review. I forget what the other one was. I think even the larger nuclear players look kind of weak here. BWXT is is a very established name. They're the ones who build uh nuclear reactors for the Navy. Anyway, let's get into and and it's also weak is my point. So, that's not looking great. Uh let's get into trade review here. 129. The rut. I focus on the rut a lot this week because the rut is showing us a lot of relative strength, right? So, it's a bull market still, right? All the longer term trends are up. And so, for me personally, I I'm just thinking it's it's very helpful in my opinion to eliminate just one side entirely, right? Like, are there going to be selling opportunities on an uptrend? Sure. Um, are they going to have better expected value for follow-through? I would say no. Right? So, you look at this uptrend where there's selling days. Yeah. Selling days here, long upper week here, selling day, selling day. What kind of followthrough did you get on that though? Not much. Right? So, you know, I prefer to just stick with the uh momentum or whatever and on the higher time frames for the lower time frame plays because it opens up for potential swings as well, right? Even if I don't swing the futures contracts, every now and then I'll rotate that those proceeds into like, you know, buying some options and that's really nice because, you know, you can very easily manage your risk. All right. So, anyway, for 129 then the daily context is over here and for 129 on this day, I recall this quite well. I was thinking all right if we don't come down we we're coming into this session there was already you know 3 days of balance right so I'm thinking all right if we don't come down to test 24883 and then come back into this range we probably come test the other side of the range that was the idea anyway um and I think I talked about that I'm thinking RTY best for responsive trades since three days of balance already and that's a little bit before the open if you want to get these messages sent to you um join our community great community to learn the ropes We don't try to sugarcoat anything. We tell you exactly how it is. We'll support you, hit you with, you know, responses on whatever the heck is going on with you. And if you really want to learn the ins and outs of this system, which I honestly think is the most powerful on the daytime frame because you just get so much more information and you have so much more control of the trade, um, check out our community links in description below. Come hang out with us in the futures room. And obviously there's many other rooms as well that's covering securities and options or whatnot. Anyway, so that's the context and I'm thinking DV val Y vals are appropriate. If new lows can't get to 24883. So that's this guy over here. If they can't get back down here, then we're probably just going to keep balancing and that's pretty much exactly what happened. So at 9:30 I buy this pass back over the open here. Let me just pull it up, I guess. 129 just bought this pass back over the open um because we failed to get down to the overnight low, right? So, you know, I was I was going to be a bit more conservative with the plays on this day, but that's just a thing that I'll I'll I'll pretty much muscle memory. I'll do that practically every time. If you if the sellers don't get to the overnight low, bigger picture, we're looking for a balance, then I know that these sellers are not strong, right? The cash market sellers are not strong. If they can't get to the overnight low, like it, don't get me wrong, this could this could definitely happen, right? They could fail to get to the overnight low, get caught up at the open, and then roll out over again. That could happen, right? I'm not saying this is I'm not predicting anything. I'm not thinking, okay, they failed to get to the overnight low, it's got to be buyers, that's for sure. No, but as long as they fail to get to to get to the overnight low, then yeah, it's reasonable to go with the buyers. And if we're wrong, we just get stopped out. pass trading, right? So, anyway, um I just bought that pass back over the open. It was a little late. I got pretty bad slippage. I don't know if that was like me clicking poorly. I got a new mouse here or um I don't know. I I really don't know. But I got filled pretty poorly. And either way, it was fine. The R was still okay. I gave it enough wiggle room for 1.5. I was looking for the Y val test. Yesterday's value low gets tested and then chopped it up and then uh I was just being slow. I don't know. Uh but I I should have been ready to take another exit here and I did not get the exit but then we came back around and got there again. So we I did get that exit and then I was saying okay I'll take the rest off when we get to the value area high of the prior day because the value area high of the prior day was over here and that was already many points away and I was thinking if these buyers were going to run into problems on this session then it would probably be at the prior day's value area high and you can see we spent an hour there. So there were problems and you know they did the buyers continued to carry on after that but no problem not trying to get every single point out of each move. Uh and I was open to a you know playing it again for like a DVL or a Y val play but I I for like a DVL or a Y val play but I I for like a DVL or a Y val play but I I just got distracted during the day. So that was it. so silly. Um, okay. So, let's see. Just uh Oh, right. And I was thinking FOMC day is right around the corner. So, I'm just thinking daytime frame plays, whatever. So, I'm all out at the uh RTY at yesterday's value area high B. Don't do that. Um at the value area high and then there was a nice deval setup, white pot setup while I was away. Um that was I guess I was talking about this. I'm not even sure actually to be honest with you. Oh, Deepo and Y Val. So that's here. Not true. I probably just misspoke. I mean, these were good setups, but either way, it's not Y Val and Deepo. That's weird. Oh, Yoko and Dval. Yes. Okay. Okay, so that's this these these two setups quite good off yesterday's point of control off the development value area low good risk to get to the other side of balance this one in particular was was good risk just to get to deep I think right you buy the stairst step break give it enough wiggle actually I think it may have taken you out nope you that would have been fine for for my setup oh well all right next day 1210 I'm just trying to hammer this momentum again right the next day 1210 this is what the day looked like so I'm thinking all right? Uh or rather the open was right in the middle of the range. So, I didn't love the context as much, but I'm just looking to keep joining these buyers if they can keep looking to if they can keep playing defense here, then it makes sense to join the buyers because there's a potential for there to be, you know, good follow through. So, I actually don't capture this move, but I still get a decent play. Um it's not nothing to write home about. 12 10 is here. And so, I just did the same as I play, right? We don't get down to the overnight low. I don't have it marked out, but we didn't get down to the overnight low, so I just buy this pass back over the open, try to get to the value area low and try my luck with literally the same exact play. Um, thinking, okay, you know, maybe I'll do a repeat here. Uh, the only thing was that I didn't like the context as much cuz we're not we're in the middle of the range, so you know, but it was cheap, whatever. And I get stopped out of it and then it rips for the for the day. Um, which is unfortunate, but that's fine. And I, you know, I wasn't around for these plays, but these were pretty solid plays. Um, but it is what it is. No biggie. Um, this was FOMC day as well, so I was trying to get a position on before the FOMC uh FOMC, whatchamacallit, the FOMC uh announcement. So, I was looking at ENQ here, and the ENQ setup I thought was pretty decent at 10:02. And that was here. here. And that's just a a development value area low setup. And so I don't know why 25616 is there. Um I'm not sure why that yellow line popped up. That might have been the overnight low. I think no, I don't know. Probably a prior high or something like that. Either way, for ENQ, I bought the passback over the DVA. Looking for a test of the deepo. So just buy this move. Looking for a higher low. Pass the div.va. Printed lower, but it was over here when I when I did the play. And I was just looking for a chop at the deep and then the uh div.va. So chop chop and and then I stopped out the rest later in the session. So that honestly this trade ended up being pretty solid. Pretty good or on the second chop. And you put those two basics together and that was already a pretty solid day. But I made one more attempt out of play. This now was after um FOMC and it was just buying the I think the overnight high to the regular trading hours high back test. So this is this is pretty much the only way that I like trading FOMC days. I was on a call earlier so I missed the initial reaction. Otherwise there was a pretty solid play I think from the PDC to the overnight high and even this secondary play from the overnight high to the regular trading RI. I think that's pretty reasonable. Um, but what I like to do is I just like Um, but what I like to do is I just like Um, but what I like to do is I just like to play from one day time frame reference to the next because the way that I see it is FOMC days is pretty much like uh the FOMC announcement. I mean, it's pretty much like another open, right? Like and what happens on the open. What happens on the open is the every every operator is trying to determine, okay, like what are the reference points that we care about is the daytime frame references, right? Because these are the these are the references that we should care about. Why the open is where the cash market controls, right? If the cash market buyers are in control, they're over the open. If cash market sellers are in control, they got to be under the open, right? If the day plus buyers are in control, they got to be over the regular trading RS high, right? If the if the day plus sellers are in control, they got to be under the regular trading hours. So the mark and why do we care about the prior days close? Because the little number at the at the end of each, you know, candle or whatever, um that's determined by the close from close to close, right? So these key daily references, they they're they're references that everybody can agree on. There's there's no there's no subjectivity to it, right? these horizontal levels, they're always trying to be resolved whenever heavy volume comes in because everyone's just trying to figure out, okay, what are we going to do based on our references like we were talking before talking about before with like your partner, right? You trust them, whatever. You have faith in them. But if they start showing you some red flags, you know, you should you should you should probably pay attention, right? So, um I just bought this move back over the overnight high, trying to get to the regular trading hours high, giving it a little bit of wiggle for 2. Um, and then I chopped it up at 88. Why' I chop it up there? Because there's probably a reason here. Chopped it up at the regular trading hours high. Okay. Looking for more out at the 1027 to 113 uh daily value area high. So that's just this uh let me find it over here. That's just this guy, right? I was just looking for another exit uh here. So here's FOMC Wednesday. Uh FOMC Wednesday is here. And you can see this initial stall, right? This initial stall here is right at the daily value area high. So I just look for another exit there just because I don't want to be around if these buyers are going to run into problems. So take another exit. It stops me out and then it runs some more. But whatever. I don't care about that. That's three for three on this day and none of them got to the final target. But two of these trades, the ES and the ENQ trade got to the secondary target and that's already a solid day. Really a solid week just on those two trades. So I was fine with that. And then finally for the last day 1211, what' I do here? I don't remember this trade rut. I bought I bought the rut again. Okay, so the daily context for the rut on the 11th. I'm just trying another buy. It's a strong open relative to the prior day. I I believe that's here. Yeah. So we we're getting an open pretty much right at the prior day's point of control. So these buyers are just picking up where they left off yesterday if they can hold over this or within this end of the day structure and I know that this breakout continues to be affirmed as long as no acceptance back under 255.2. So that was enough for me to think okay let me try to join the buyers again. So I'm thinking again in the pre-market I say I think the rod is position best if bias long. So I just buy this pass back over the open and I'm looking for a test of 65.3 which was just uh this guy. That's just this high over here. 65.3 is this guy. All right, just I'll just pull it up right here. So 65.3 is this this breakout point over here. So the end of the day, this was that last push. And so if these buyers want to pick up where they left off yesterday, they got to keep holding over this guy. So I buy the passback over open, chop it up at the 2565.3 level, and then looking for more out under the overnight high. I forgot to mark up the overnight high, but I assume it was there. Or like just under there. Yes. So, here's the overnight high. Wait, what? Oh, no. It's higher over here. So, take another exit under the overnight high over here. And then, uh, let's see. Let's see. And then I'm just talking about SOV, some context here. Out mouse under the overnight high and then I stop out the rest. So that was it. Um, honestly, a really solid week. You know, it's just a few basics, couple of doubles or triples, I guess you could call them, but um, pretty solid. Very pleased with that. And, uh, that was, uh, really it for the week. So again, if you're interested in getting these messages, you know, joining our community, talking to us, whatnot, you know, asking questions about it, I'll break it down for you. Um, check out our community links in the description below. Otherwise, uh, if you are interested in getting trade zones like the ones that we did in the beginning of the video for all the things we cover regularly, send to your email two new trade ideas every single week. any trade setup that I do take, we'll post every single uh action for it. Update from Dan as well, update from me, and I think we're going to start posting uh all of the team posts. So, in our in our chat room, we have a swing trade room, and I think we're going to start pushing all of those posts into the quick updates as well, just to add some more value to the swing report. It's it's kind of the swing report is kind of like a chart guys membership light, right? If you don't have time to be engaging with our chat room all the time, you just want to get, you know, um, actionable information, uh, and trade zones, then, you know, that's essentially what we're trying to do with that. So, anyway, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to catch you all next time. Go. Go.