============================================================
Video: F73O-pAPFj4
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Santa Rally or Bull Trap?
Date: 2025-11-30
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7989
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:00.888851
============================================================

Buyers bounce back in a big way, closing at the point of control of the all-time high supply. Is this a bull trap or are we just back to the regularly scheduled buying program? And how can we tell the difference in the moment? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we'll go over all that and more. So, let's get into it. All right, so big old bounce after the sellers were unable to negate this breakout. So recall what we were talking about in the previous weeks. We were one talking about the fear and greed index being in extreme fear. And you know typically major highs aren't made in extreme fear. Usually they're made in euphoria greed. Uh additionally the VIX had spiked to 30 and 30 is just like a pretty common um area where uh price typically tends to recover a bit. So we weren't we weren't very much convinced that the sellers were going to press the issue here, but we still have to take things day by day. Things can always be different. So we had to keep assessing the situation. And that's the same thing that we have to do going forward to see whether or not this is going to be a bit of a bull trap here is going to be a bit of a bull trap here is going to be a bit of a bull trap here or whether or not um it's just right back to the uh regularly scheduled buying programming. And it's going to be primarily what happens next week at 67395 and 68336 with 68336 being the point of control of the all-time high supply. This is pretty much exactly where these buyers had problems last time they were testing the all-time high supply. And after we reject from here, it's just like what happened over here. What do we care about? We care about whether or not the sellers can then negate the next breakout point. So if this breakout this breakout over this high is negated the next thing that we should care about then is the high of the next relevant area of uh demand which was here. So we were watching these four lows they do break below it. They could not find acceptance under this high 65221 which means that this breakout continues to be affirmed. And so what we were talking about in prior weeks with the analog of this this area being very similar or this area relative to this move being very similar to this area now being relative to this move in that as long as we are holding over the local daily demand zone then these buyers are doing okay. So we opened right at the point of control the super key test right of this local area of daily demand and the buyers just ran away with it for the entirety of the week. So, so, uh, these buyers are looking just fine next week as long as they can keep holding over 673.995. And technically, they'll be on the offense again if they can get back over 68336 to flip this supply into demand, which would then uh have these buyers position well for new highs. Um, and so that's pretty much it. That's how we're going to assess whether or not this is a bull trap or if the buyers are just picking up uh where they left off here. Okay, lots of space for a daily high or low. Anything over 650.85 will be good for one. I think we had trade zone. So the the sell zone is we're very much in there right now. If these sellers are going to try to press the issue here, really should be here. Now, the sell zone is really primarily for I would say folks who are very net long and are looking to hedge essentially. That's that's the only way that I would um be interested in hitting the sell here. I actually did a buy off the uh half day setup, but that's not really in the scope of these videos. And I think we had that's the old one. Um and that's pretty much it that I'm looking at at least. So, in the near term, if we were to retrace, I I think it's reasonable to be looking for buys again. So, something along uh something along these lines over here like this. Apologies if you can hear my dog barking in the front. I think uh she hears the the cat Parker. He's messing with some plastic underwear clip. I think I think that's what it is. Otherwise, I would be more concerned. So something along these lines I would say is pretty reasonable for a pullback play. Looking for this demand zone to be continue to be affirmed against this point of control and essentially this is a higher low play. So the volume really picks back up around 67175 and then of course there's a bunch of 662.76. So I'm think it's something along these lines. Pretty reasonable to be looking for a buy to retest this point of control um next week. Uh the volume is a little janky right now. As you can see this little symbol here. We're getting CBOE data cuz the CME is um has some overheating issues, whatever that means. I guess their servers are having problems. Um so, you know, just excuse these janky lines for now. So, there's a little bit of relative weakness in the cues, which you know, it's like a slight red flag. It's I wouldn't even call it a red flag. I guess just call it a yellow flag. And you know, what we care about is is there like rotation, right? How is uh healthcare doing, right? Is healthcare holding on strong? It absolutely is. Uh what about finance? Finance is you know very strong bounce out of this demand zone. So you know the fact that the cues are kind of lagging a bit not really that big of a deal particularly if like XLV and XLF can maintain their relative strength and that's probably going to act as a tailwind for the overall market. Um, and it's really not even that much of a lagard, right? The idea is that the buyers have been able to, the ES and the SPY buyers have been able to touch the point of control of the all-time high supply, whereas the, uh, QQQ and Q buyers have yet to even test the low of it at 624.03. So, I'm thinking next week, uh, if this is going to be, you know, back to regularly scheduled buying programming, the buyer should defend the value area high here. They don't want to let uh these sellers find acceptance back under the value area high 609.47. And ideally, what they'll do is crack into the all-time high supply. Uh the low of which is at 624.03. Um that's pretty much it. Space for a daily higher or low. Anything over 580.74 would be good for I think we had a sell zone set up as well. Again, if these sellers are going to press the issue here, they really need to get to work sooner rather than later. That's the yellow trade zone already. And then a buy again I think is reasonable again to be scouting these buys here. But you know what I think the ES is honestly a better choice. I think it's reasonable to be looking for it in the Q's in a very similar way. But if I had to pick I would probably pick the ES just because it has that relative strength right now. Yeah. Uh moving on to the rut. The rut this is honestly a pretty good look I would say for the overall market because recall what we were looking out for. We were looking looking out for the potential that the sellers would find acceptance back under this prior all-time high structure which would increase the potential then that we are looking at a look above and fail a pop and drop on a very high time frame and that would have us looking for a rotation back down to the lows of this big old range. Um but right now this move is really large. It's it honestly had a lot of relative strength last week finding a lot of acceptance over 240.88 the point of control of this prior all-time high structure. And so next week, as long as these buyers can hold over 240.88, then uh they're looking just fine, positioned well for new um all-time highs here. So I think pullback play on the rut is also quite reasonable. Uh you know, the relative strength in the rut very often waines, but right now because XLV and XLF is kind of leading the way, as long as it's the case, the rut should continue to see some relative strength. It has more um healthcare and finance holdings. It's still primarily a tech holding, but like obviously it's not the same as like mega caps. I think if you hold this area like this, hold these two point of controls, keep affirming uh this point of control particularly uh as demand, then you're probably looking at a test of the all-time high. So, I think if you're looking for a pullback playing in the rut, essentially this is essentially a daily no change level right here. Um so, I think this is pretty reasonable. looking for a pullback play. Essentially, this is responsive trade. Like just like all of this chop over here was just defending the low of this guy. Um I think we can keep looking for plays like that because if you get caught up here, if the buyers get caught up here, they probably try to retest the lows of this range again. So I'm thinking something along these lines looking for responsive trade. Uh pretty reasonable. I don't I don't think we had a sell set up here. Uh no, that's an older one. No, we didn't have anything else set up. So that's pretty much it for the rut. And then moving on then to the um Dow here. Uh so the Dow dip into this trade zone again. Didn't get to our more conservative trade zone, but held the original, right? And so I would say I think you can I would book some profits honestly. Right. This is a good enough move right from the middle of our more aggressive trade zone that it's reasonable to just take some profits off and uh walk your stop up to here. Pull this lower bid and then ideally you'll get some like daily balance and breakout before walking a stop up again. The daily no change level is this guy over here uh 489 46903. So this breakout being affirmed as long as these buyers can find acceptance over 469.03 03 and then if they can just keep affirming this guy, this point of control at 46283 has as support, then they affirm this structure as demand keeps them positioned well for new highs. So honestly, I think you could even recycle this trade zone. Um because if we're looking at some bigger picture chop like something like this or something like this or something like this um or even something like this then or something like that then very often you'll see that same zone get tested over and over again. Okay, so that's pretty much it. lots of space for a daily high or low over 45771. Assuming this that's all correct. I think that should be correct. Like these levels should all be correct. Um it's just the matter of the the volume is a little bit different because again we're getting CBOE data right now. Um so that's pretty much it for the Dow and then moving on to the dollar. So like I said the dollar I still think pretty reasonable to be looking for sells against using both of these excuse me for trades using both of these buy zones. just looking for a responsive trade uh against these two major structures here. And as of right now, we're just still kind of in no man's land. I mentioned last week that it's probably safer. It's probably more positive EV if instead of just scaling into it this time, uh instead of that, looking for a potential pass back under 99.80. So something like this, not a lot of follow through above it. Roll back down under, sell that, stop it straight, try to get here, and try to get here if you're more of an active trader. If you're not, you know, you want to just use these zones as such, I I also think that's quite reasonable. And even if you were to, you know, if even if it were to not work on this attempt, you know, it's already got you one here, it's got you one here. You know, it's it's a game of probabilities, right? There's no guarantees. So, um I I think still reasonable to be using these two trade zones for responsive trade. Space for a daily higher low. Technically, it's it's set. Well, I mean, you broke over the prior days high. So technically this higher low here at 99.325 but space for a lower high under 10.350 anything under that's going to be good for that lower high and if you keep failing to get back over 99.800 then the odds of us doing more of this kind of balance would increase and then you know we will probably be looking for another test of uh the next key area of demand which again is just down here. You can you can already see the markets already told us how important it is over here, over here, over here, yada yada yada. All right, moving on to gold. So, gold um again affirming this breakout there. These buyers are doing just fine. 4046.5. I think we had another trade zone, right? Okay. So, barely dips into our trade zone there. Um but you know like essentially all all this is is really just responsive trades on right because it's balancing. So right now if you are more patient buyer if you didn't play over here buying a pass back over the daily no change level then it's still reasonable to be looking for a pass back over the developing value area low assuming we roll over and test it again because again this is really just bigger picture chop right now. So whenever something is balancing uh responsive trade is appropriate and you can approach responsive trade with these volume tools in in two ways primarily two ways at least obviously there's an infinite amount of ways but primarily in two ways wherein you're looking for the key demand zone that's supporting all of this balance which really is this guy right this is the guy right now who has made the low of all of this chop over here and then the supply zone is this guy this is the uh structure that's made for this high over here so responsive trade wouldgest suggest that you're looking to bottom fish off of the lows of this range, ideally using this structure that has already the market's already told you that's what it cares about. So, you're either waiting for a move back down to test this fella again, or you're waiting for something along these lines, break under the development value area low without a lot of follow-through, pass back over it, buy that, chop it up no later than the development point of control, chop it up again at the de development value area high, and then see if these buyers can break out of this range to do something, you know, kind of similar to what's happened back here. You can see how the uh that pass back overplay the development value area low shakes out quite well over here. Technically, this is um it might not have been there, right? But visually, this is a good representation of that. So, um that's uh really it for gold. Lots of space for a higher low. Anything over 4022.260 is going to be good for one. And again, these buyers are affirming this breakout as long as holding over 4046.595. Uh MVDA is showing us some relative weakness, but there are other Fangman T names that are holding up just fine like uh like Apple. Oops. Uh which was our one of our strong report picks from back here. Uh I mean from a little bit higher. Google is also pressing the highs. So you know it's not like a allout selloff right now. So there's rotation within tech as well, which again leads me to believe that the market is doing okay. At least as of right now, it's not in a very precarious uh spot. I would say as long as you have some I mean Apple is like I don't know like 20% of the S&amp;P I think something along those lines. It's a very large part of the um S&amp;P 500. So if Apple is strong, it's like pretty hard for the uh overall market to be weak. So, I'm thinking hopefully these buyers I think we're back in that trade zone again, right? Yeah, we're back in this trade zone. I still think this is reasonable, but again, personally, I would be much more interested in seeing some like daily weekly oversold conditions into over here. But I think as soon as we get daily oversold, uh I would be interested in in at least selling some cash puts just because we haven't been daily oversold in a long time and it should be a back burner setup as um Dano would say. So, I still think this is very reasonable for more aggressive operators um looking to just play off of this demand zone. Um but like I said, I would be more interested in uh down here. All right, so uh 177.69 is going to be key. That's just the point of control of this local daily demand zone over here. If these buyers can just keep holding over the demand zone, the point of control of this demand zone, then really there's no problems at all. This is just some healthy consolidation. Uh, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin, this is a pretty notable bounce. It's also notable that the sellers did not make it down to this major area of demand. Should be the next structure that they're trying to get back to. And at this point now, we're back over the point of control 89541.25 of this guy, which I I still like as a reference. Um, because, you know, we're we're this this guy just the market told us how important it was in the past to ride all of these lows, making these highs over here. And I got a question last week regarding, okay, well, why don't we care about this guy anymore? I just don't love this guy as much for a couple reasons. One, it's kind of in the middle of this much larger range over here, and we've traded through it. So, when we hadn't traded through it and we held the back test of it over here, um, that was a much better reference, right? Because essentially this guy was acting as like the point of control, essentially the proxy to the point of control of all of this. Um, but now that we've traded through it, I think we should care more about this guy, which the market has already again told us how important it was. Now, that being said, I'm sure if we were to mark this up, there's, you know, this is probably a rejection as of now from, you know, one of these key levels, but still, I would choose to, you know, put more weight on this guy right now. Uh, additionally, this breakdown is not yet negated. So, this is a very notable like 15% bounce or so. Um, but this breakdown under 98.892.97 892.97 not yet negated unless acceptance back above. So this is a good start for these buyers and what they want to get done next week is to just establish a higher low ideally over this local low 80524.65. Ideally you don't allow acceptance back under 89541.25 um to affirm this fell as demand which would then have us expecting more price action like this. All right, so that's pretty much it for Bitcoin. I don't think we did any trade zones for Bitcoin. Not recently at least. Yeah, I don't think so. Um, and I wouldn't still like I would prefer to be a buyer in Bitcoin because it was the leader, but as of right now, you I don't really love this as a buyer. Personally, I would like to see like a big old move back over 98 92.97. Um, and then that would allow for there to be extension on a back test of this guy and then I would be more keen on looking for a back test of 895 for 1.25 for or a buy. Uh, moving on to Ethereum. So, Ethereum uh got to our target from this original trade zone. Again, by now, you know, you should have taken profits and this is a notable failure for the uh you should have taken profits and your stop can be over here. Uh if you really want to give it a lot of leash, then you can leave your stop over here as well. And then this is the potential ad area, right? Because this is the uh a very very um notable area of balance. There's significant area of balance. There's a lot of value that was established here. And this was essentially affirming this guy as supply. So, you know, this guy was very significant where we had three major tops that were set here and now this guy's kind of acting like a proxy. So, if these sellers are going to play defense again in this very similar location relative to this structure, then it should be somewhere around here. So, looking for the ad in here trying to play back down to this point of control is I think very reasonable. Very notable that they did not come and touch down on this point of control. This is absolutely the next area of significant demand that these sellers should be trying to should be trying to work through. Um, so very notable that these sellers failed to get back down there. Again, I think it would be very reasonable to be looking for the ad here. They are trying to negate this breakdown by getting back over 3055 uh even, but they have yet to do so right now. Tons of space for a lower high. I don't care about this dinky one. Anything under 3658.38 would be good for one. And for higher lows, anything over 2620 even is going to be good for one. And I think the best case scenario next week for Ethereum buyers is to just hold back over 2880 so that they can keep moving prices higher relative to this prior area of demand. And again, I still think this is a pretty reasonable location to be looking for a sell. Essentially, it's it's looking for a weekly lower high to stay within this much bigger picture balance because if you reject from here with the lower high and then break the lower lows, you know, there's no reason why we can't just do this big old picture. um balance as well. All right, moving on to CCJ. So, for CCJ, again, I I think I think we're likely to come and test this eventually. I I I still that's still what I'm what I'm banking on. Um I never know, right? I never know whether or not price will actually get there. Nobody knows, right? And if they tell you they know, they're lying and you should not believe them. Um so, I never know, right? I don't really know where I would be interested in taking trade. It's like it's like fishing, right? like you don't know where the fish will I mean they do have those like radars or whatever or sonar I don't know what technology that is those scanners that people fishermen use or whatever um but you know assuming we don't have that technology you never know right like you don't know if there the the fish are in a location or I guess hunting or whatever like you don't know if there's going to be game there um but you know where you're willing to wait right you're probably willing to wait by a game trail or by a watering hole um or if If you're hunting polar bears, then maybe that like abandoned research center where a whole bunch of polar bears moved into, that's probably a good spot. But why would you hunt polar bears? That's like one of the few bears that actively kill people. I guess that's a good reason um to hunt them, but don't do that. Poor polar bears, you know, losing their environment. Um this is a getting to be a weird tangent, but anyway, that's the idea, right? You don't get to know whether or not price will ever get there. You don't even get to know if the trade is going to work. You only get to know where you are willing to play, how much you are willing to risk. That's it. And then it becomes just a game of probabilities, right? Like a sport, poker, whatever. Same same. Um, so anyway, I'm most interested in looking for the back test of this uh this pri all-time high structure and you know, this very large area of demand. But like I said, more aggressive buyers using this trade zone, I do think is quite reasonable. I I guess it's worth testing this. Um, it's not that much info, so I guess data. I mean, I guess it's worth testing. I should test that to see what the uh expected value is, but it's already moved up so many times on the daily time frame that I don't know that I would care to try this setup again uh on the weekly or the daily really. I don't know. I guess it's worth checking it out the measuring out the expected value. I don't know. We'll see. Either way, uh, from a pure, uh, volume profile perspective, again, I care primarily about if these buyers can uh, play some defense here. All right, so that's it. Uh, get on to trade review, I guess. Um, all right. So, I didn't trade on um, Monday. I I often don't. Usually, I set appointments. Uh, definitely won't be trading next Monday. Got to take my little buddy to radiation. not my little buddy, but a little buddy of mine to radiation treatment while their family travels. Um, so I just like to leave my Mondays open for stuff like that. You never know. If not me, I don't know who could have done that for them. So, you know, it's, you know, that's why we trade, right? To have flexibility with our schedules. Um, so anyway, I don't trade Mondays, but I I very often will still do the morning rundown for the futures room. So, if you're interested in, you know, joining a group of uh futures traders or just in general, like we we have a much more active uh stock room um than futures, but I I hang out in the futures room. And so, I'll always do like an overall market rundown. And so, even though I didn't trade, I did this is just the um whatchamacallit from or part of the transcript from the update. I just wanted to, you know, highlight this because it's very valuable to look ahead and think about the session from the perspective of change. What kind of change is occurring? And so on the on Monday, I was talking about the um ES here and I was just saying from a session to session perspective. I like how they put the number too there. Um I think we should care about the 6647, right? So this is the higher high that the buyers to fail buyers fail to hold above and uh so they want to keep affirming this breakout over 6647. So that's this guy over here. Um that's this guy over here, right? So this is Monday, right? And again, this is the pre-market. I'm letting you guys know, okay, this is the breakout over this high that these buyers want to get back to affirming. They failed to affirm it at the end of the day yesterday. But now you have a strong open over this guy again. So if these buyers are going to try to pick up where they failed yesterday over here, they want to pick up where they left off by affirming this breakout, they should try to defend this high over here. And so that ended up being the the low of the day. So if you're interested in getting, you know, these kinds of updates, um, you know, pointing out areas of change, meaningful areas of change, then check out the community links in the description below. I think or Black Friday still is still still going on for a little bit. I don't know the details of the sale. That's not my um you know, that's not my uh uh responsibility. Um but I know when there's a sale, so check it out if you're interested. Um and like I and as always, I'll always call out any activity that I do as well in the futures room. So the next and for on this day I didn't post the transcript but the the key level for change on the rut I think also was uh a very similar situation I think on the let's see yes so over here we were talking about it as well as this is this for this the same logic right this is the breakout that these buyers should be um trying to get back over and if you zoom in here I'll just zoom in like this 2380.6 six is that level. It's over here. Um you can see how these buyers they battle it out for here. So again, just always think about the market from the perspective of change and then that is really helpful for identifying key location that you you should be willing to play at. I I think it's just so much easier than you know doing I've tried many different trading systems and I like a lot of them but really in my opinion this is the easiest most straightforward most it's it's a very I shouldn't say most but it's a very logical way of looking at things right and you don't have to kind of like put your faith in like synthetic levels you know like a moving average or fib retracement those are technically like a little bit more derivative than you know looking at these just horizontal levels technically a horizontal level is not derivative at all, you know. So I I I rather like that just trading pure price action. Um and just thinking about the market from the perspective of change. Anyway, so the next day, uh I sell the RTY against the I was targeting the daily point of control back test. Okay, so okay, I remember 11:25 is over here. Um the daily uh the daily context is like this. Hang on a second here. Oops. So on the 25th, uh, we are here. And so I'm thinking, all right, this is a pretty sizable bounce, but we're watching that prior all-time high structures point of control. So I'm thinking there's the potential that these sellers defend this point of control like the buyers did over here and they did over here. So I was thinking, okay, let me try to hit this sell here, especially if we straight shot to this value area high. That's what I was thinking, right? if we eyeing RTY sell, if it's a straight shot to the daily value area high because at this point things are already getting pretty extended. So, I thought if we just keep running up to that level, I think pretty reasonable to be looking for a fade there. Um, and I did hit that hit one later on. But before that occurs, I just tried to sell under the uh overnight high. And I think this trade is uh even though, you know, obviously didn't see follow-through because it was it was the wrong direction, but I got paid quite well for these attempts even though bigger picture they didn't shake out. And I think the the key idea here is to use targeting is is to be mindful of targeting. Don't try to, you know, don't try to to nail like a home run or whatever every single time. You know, the the trade-off is that I will I will often not be at big size when there's like a massive move. But I find that the um the lesser the I guess frequency like the range um of swings for me at least I prefer to be like a more slow and steady approach. Um but if you're different then obviously adjust to taste but that's what I like and you can kind of see what I'm getting at here because uh the targeting for both of the cells on on this day made it such that I pretty much nailed these local lows. So, I'm getting paid for these attempts where I'm wrong bigger picture, but I'm right on this initial move. Um, and again, this was like a, you know, four figure day. Nothing like a crazy four figure day, but still a four figure day for like 30 minutes of work. You know, that's hard. I think that's hard to beat in in many, you know, professions or whatever. Um, so let me just walk you through it here. I'm eyeing I was eyeing that RTY cell, but before that it shakes out at 942. Um, I just pass sold the passback under the overnight high. My my logic was just okay like we're struggling here at the overnight high. We move back below it and then at 942 we kind of pop and drop here. So that was pretty reasonable to be looking for a back test of the daily point of control. So I'll zoom into this thing over here and you can see what I'm talking about here. That's over here um here on the 25th. Here's that overnight high failure. Right? This this is the area where we take our trade because you have this little bit of local supply. It's at the overnight high. Um, so that's over here, right? The structure is exactly the same. And then the first chop, I'm just looking for that back test of the daily point of control, which we do pretty much rush right right to get a chop there. And then the next exit, I'm looking for it at the um uh let's see, looking for more out at the regular trading hours high. So the regular trading hours high, obviously just yesterday's high. So you take another chop there and then, you know, that's 10 points. That's pretty solid. And then that's pretty much the the low of the day, right? So again, you like you're I'm I'm I've got it wrong directionally, bigger picture, but because I'm not like aiming for a home. I mean, don't get me wrong, like if everything was aligned in our favor, like if the session to session perspective was also weak, then we could we could probably try to hold out for further targets. But when it's not the case and you're kind of being a more aggressive buyer, aggressive in the sense that you're going against the direction that value is moving from one session to the next, um, then it's reasonable to be more conservative with your profit. uh taking the targets and you know it certainly worked out quite well um on this session and then this move is straight up to the to the daily value area high. So remember the original trade idea that I was looking out for is I'm eyeing a RTY sell if it's a straight shot to the daily value area high. So that doesn't shake out for my initial trade over here and I was willing to take that shot just to back test this guy. Um, but it it shakes out again like pretty it's even honestly kind of even better context because I was looking for a straight shot from here to test the value area high for for a potential fade and this is a lower low that gets there. So just a huge one minute stair step I think very reasonable just to hit the cell back under the um value area high give it a little bit of wiggle room. So that's what this is over here. So I stopped the RTR runner at 957 and then a few minutes later like 6 minutes later or so um I just sold it against 10:03. So that's over here. I was a little bit late to uh report to report to to update because I was just chatting with Funko and now that he's in Thailand, it's like not as easy to to uh you know to chat or whatever. So, you know, just trying to take some time out of the day to catch up with my bud. Um so, I apologize for the little bit of the late message and then I took a chop at the diva. Um that's over here. So, take a shot at the div.a out more at the overnight high and I think I st this one. Okay, I'm looking out for more at the overnight high and that's 10:04. So, I have to ride through all of this. Um, and it, you know, looks like it's going to stop me out, but it doesn't. And again, look at this targeting. You know, the targeting is right the low of this move is right at the overnight high. Again, why? Because that's just an area of change, right? Like the overnight high is important for a couple of reasons here. Not only is it important because it's where the overnight uh buyers are potentially being affirmed or negated, right? If you if the cash market buyers are in control by holding over the open, then they're not really that confident unless they can hold over the overnight high because the overnight high is as far as the overnight buyers could take it. And if the overnight buyers, which are low volume buyers, are are stronger than the cash market buyers and the cash market buyers can't be that strong, right? This is again very logical. Um so very reasonable spot. Not only is it um the overnight high, but it's also the development point of control, right? So these sellers want to get position well to move value lower on the session then they need to get under the development point of control. That's some some confluence there. And it's this prior supply zone now acting as demand which already flipped into to demand over here. So you know there's three reasons why the market should find this to be a potential spot of interest, right? And so if you're looking for more profit taking even though it's not that many more points, this is eight points is only three points more for the chop. Still, you know, I'm trying to be reasonable here with my profit taking. And again, that ended up being a very wise, prudent move in my opinion. And then the rest of the day, these buyers just ran away with it, but I don't like to work past like 10ish or so. So, I didn't do anything for the rest of the day. And then on the 26th, let's see, 26th was here. And this was a gap up day. So, the 26th of daily context is like this. It was our gap up day over here. And the logic of this was just to go with the gap. If it doesn't fill right away, those are just the gap guidelines because the first objective for the sellers if we're gapping up is to try to fill the gap. And if you can't fill the gap and they move back over the open, the first place that they should the buyers are try to get to is the overnight high. Just like we were talking about before regarding, okay, why should the cash market buyers care about the overnight high? Because it's a it's a it's a big test, right? To see whether or not the cash market can be as strong as a relatively weaker overnight market. Um, so I just bought this pass back over. Oh, did I not do my homework? I did. Um, where we at here? 11:26. All right. So, I just buy this pass back over the open here. Chop it up at the overnight high. Um, chop it up at the Yep. Right on 9:30. I let him know. And I think I forget Yaser, I think, made this trade as well. Shout out to Yaser in there. grinding every day. Even when his uh Toronto birds get crushed in the World Series, he's still there crying, but he's there, you know, the tears lubricate his keyboard and he just solders on. Um sometimes from bed, you know, but whatever. So gave it some wiggle for 1.5. Chopped it up at the overnight high and then I said I was looking out for more under 6817 because that's just the low of the 1113 opening range. Right? So on this day over here, if you if you zoom out to the left here, uh the 6817 is this guy. This is the opening range of that day. If these buy it's probably easier to see from over here. Um let's see. 6817 is over here, right? So, we're again the the market is just always trying to affirm or negate prior sessions. So, if we're going to not fill the gap, not come back down here, right, then what should these buyers be trying to get uh trying to get done? They should be trying to affirm all of this, right, as demand, right? Because if you're not going to get back into this session, then we're right back to trying to negate all of these days that were supply. And so, the next area of change should be here, 6817. That's pretty much exactly where these buyers stall out um for the morning, right? You pop and drop here, can't hold over it, roll back down under, stop me out over here from the runners, and then that was it. It's still a decent day. Um and there was definitely solid devout plays later in the session. These are really great devout plays, and these these were very reasonable plays because for the same reason, they didn't fill the gap. And so, if you don't fill the gap, then what should we expect? We should expect a gap and hold kind of a day. If you if the sellers can't fill the gap, but the buyers can't advance either, what should you expect? You we're going to expect some sideways trade, right? And sideways trade when the when the daily chart is breaking out and Val's moving higher session to session, who should you bias, right? If you're going to look for a trade, you know, you should probably look to to bottomfish the lows of the balance because the low of the balance might just be consolidation of this breakout. And if it is just consolidation of this breakout, then you might see follow-through, which is absolutely what happened. Honestly, would have been a monster um day, but is what it is. Again, I I just don't care to trade um later in the session just from an energy perspective. I just like to be chill. Uh work for like 30 minutes or so, work for like an hour, do the morning prep, and then uh do some morning trades and then just be done with it. That's my personal preference. I find that it's uh preserves my energy level as well. I don't know. I guess I'm getting older, but my energy levels like I don't want to. It's kind of like um you know, trading is very can be very addictive, you know, and I think it's important to regulate these things. It's kind of like your phone, right? or whatever. It's like kind of kind of a pet peeve of mine. People who are like too addicted to their um phones because like essentially the the phones have like hijacked your your your dopamine loop um or like your dopamine process or whatever. It's kind of like that. Trading can be like that. It's very exciting, right? And so if you're like constantly scouting trades throughout the entirety of the day, you know, you might have some better um or you might you might you might get some better expected value, but is it worth it to be like drained every single day? I I personally, you know, I've been there, right? And I know exactly what it's like. And um I'm just a miserable guy. Like I'm not as nice to my uh friends and family and I'm not not as nice to myself either. You know, like if I grind all day, trade all day, you're like super wired at the end of the day. Um if you like don't lift weights, you don't get in the gym, you're not um playing with your cat and your dog, making sure that their lives are enriched, you're not talking to your wife, right? or or whatever, getting out, you know, seeing getting some sun, talking to your friends, um then I don't think that that is worth it, you know. I really don't. So, that's uh pretty much it, my friends. Appreciate y'all tuning in. Uh if you are interested in the swing report, which is just two novel ideas sent to your inbox every week. Any trades that I do take, I will post updates for. I don't take all the trades, but at least this year, the trades that I have been taking, they have had very long hold potential. That's like MU. Um, that's RTX. We've been in that and an ad for a long time. Um, Apple. What else we got? That's some more. I forget. Either way, um, if you're interested in that, check out the Spring Report. Links in description below. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see y'all next time. Farewell.