============================================================
Video: GEnR7OejOuI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Bounce Back!
Date: 2025-08-10
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8386
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:10.854212
============================================================

Sellers failed to advance last week with buyers defending local daily demand and closing over the PC of the all-time high structure. So, can sellers get back on defense by preventing acceptance under the key point of control at the all-time high structure? Or are buyers ready for new highs? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the Truck Ice team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll go over all that and more. So, let's uh let's get into it here. Um all right. So, let's see. All right. So, for spy here, like we were saying last week, the key for the buyers this week, or I guess what we were saying two weeks ago, the key for the buyers last week was to hold over this guy, right? What they needed to do was just hold over the point of control. uh 623.52.52 that's the point of control of this local area of demand here. And as long as you're finding acceptance over this area of demand, then there's really no problems, right? Because in order for these sellers to really press the advance, they need to not just create some overhead supply as they did over here, they also need to take out this area of demand. Otherwise, you know, holding a back test of a demand zone and then just continuing to move higher, really there's there's no problem right now for these buyers. So this it was the most notable selling that we have seen in in quite some time but the uh sellers just failed to capitalize on it. So uh additionally like I was saying you know we're now over 63539 which is the point of control of the all-time high structure over here. The the sellers wanted to hold under this point of control continue to affirm it as supply that would put them on defense now going forward. Right? if these buyers next week can continue to just hold over 63539 which honestly would be pretty surprising unless we continue to press higher like right off the jump next week. Um because there's not really that much space to defend this level here. But if they can do that next week, so let's say you get a situation where you you retrace, don't come back down to the daily no change level, right? The daily no change level is the breakout point of this local area of daily demand. Don't come back down there. Get back over the point of control. Uh that would pretty much be the best the point of control of this supply. I mean that would pretty much be the best case scenario for these buyers um next week. At this point now there's a good amount of space for a daily higher low over 61929. And recall we were looking for just another weekly higher low to potentially be set here. And as of right now the buyers are positioned well to set this higher low at 61929 if they can break over 63765 next week. Um I think we did a trade zone right off of this guy. Uh all right. So if you uh you know if you use this trade zone that's three fills and at this point now you know coming so close to target before the end of the week personally I would probably take some risk off here because this was a three-hour trade. So even if you decided to just take some off at the close here you're already looking at a 2.35 R trade and then you you can hold the rest to see if we can see follow through up to the yearly R1 or potentially even more. And that's really it. That's that's all that's how I would manage this. Anyway, if you uh use this trade zone shared last week, no, two weeks ago. Um so again, this is kind of the value of VP or one of the um values of VP is that you kind of can already know uh where you're going to take trade, right? You know that okay, well, as long as these buyers are able to defend demand zones, then the they're fine. And so where is there good value on these trades? It's to just use these demand zones as your um trade zone, right? Just like over here on the way up. Just like over here. Back test this high. Right. This is good location. Back testing this demand zone. This is good location for buys. Back testing this demand zone. Good location for buys. You never even get that test here for these buyers, for these sellers, I mean. Uh breakout over here. This is a good demand zone to be making your plays off of for this low, for this low, for this low, etc. Um so that's the same idea, right? It's there really need not be any more complicated than that when you're dealing with like a you know if you want to do like a trend following system based off a pure price action that's really all that uh one needs to get that done. So that's uh really it. Moving on to the Q's here. So for the Q's it's it's a pretty similar situation right? So before I move on just recall right the these sellers needed to get back under here to really make a statement and they opened up above the value area high of the structure. So, they never even came close to testing this point of control. This was very, very weak selling um throughout last week. And additionally, when you look at these days, it might look like, oh, okay, the sellers actually put up quite a bit of a fight. But when you pull up the session to session perspective, it really wasn't that meaningful. The selling at least wasn't terribly meaningful. Particularly Tuesday selling, not terribly meaningful to not even negate this move here, trade sideways, and then the next day just continue the advance. This was actually quite notable, right, for these sellers to take out this area of demand over here on Thursday, but then get caught up here. Again, not really that meaningful. It was even less meaningful on the ENQ. I'll show you that in a second here. Uh, but let's just get back to the daily. So, on the daily time frame for the ENQ, you are flirting with another break until technically we did break to a new all-time high by just a penny here by just like a dime or so, I should say. um and didn't see follow-through. But, you know, at the same time, the sellers didn't really show up at all uh at the on Friday session, I should say. And so, next week, what do we care about? We care primarily about 56606 is our downside reference. As long as these sellers can't get back under 5660. Um well, then they don't negate the this breakout, right? This breakout and this breakout being affirmed. As long as holding over 5660. And I'm thinking the next objective if we make new highs here is the monthly R2. The ENQ has this overnight high um over here. This high was made in the overnight session. Major highs and lows are typically not made in the overnight session. So I I would not consider this to be a secure high. The reason being there's just not when everybody's playing, right? The auctions should end at the highs and the lows uh with there just being nobody else willing to participate. And you can't really get a good assessment of, you know, the total uh participants that are willing to participate here. uh participants will participate the total operators that are willing to participate here during the overnight session, right? Because most people are not trading at that point. Um so the ENK was was much more clear, right, regarding the uh the Thursday selling not really being terribly meaningful because this is essentially the consolidation of this move, right? And so despite the fact that the buyers kind of fumbled this open here, rolled back down all the way under uh the open and then filled the gap at the same time the sellers think about what kind of damage these sellers created, right? They couldn't even take out the structure of this guy, which is just a consolidation of this move higher. So at the end of the day, that end of the day rally was obviously quite notable. Continued on into Friday's session and then we just bounced over the opening range of Thursday's session. So, you know, it's very helpful because if you see a session like this with a lot of selling or even a session like this with a lot of selling, it can feel like sellers are doing something meaningful, right? But you just call things exactly for what they are, right? What kind of damage have the sellers created here? Yes, they took out these two demand zones with this selling, but they couldn't negate this breakout even, right? And so really, all of this was just balancing over this session. So, there really was not not really any problems here, right? despite the fact that value moved lower, it was overlapping to lower, etc. Right? All of this was really just continuation of this move up, you know what I mean? And then this day, you know, again, we've already covered that. Um, so that's pretty much it. I think we did a trade zone here too, right? We did. So again, you know, couple fills already got to the target. So at this point now, if you use this QQQ trade zone, you should be out the majority of this trade and then just be holding on to a runner with your stop under this low. And now what you want to see from a management perspective is you just want to see something like this, right? Trade sideways without taking out this low, then break out, then walk the stop up to here and trail that stop up based on these areas of demand. If these assuming these buyers can create more areas of demand, just like if you were to have come off the low, you know, making a buy off a low here, where's your stop? You leave it right off that low until you break out here. Then you can walk it up to here. You balance and break out. Then you walk the stop up to here. You balance and break out. Then you walk the stop up to here. you balance and then break out then you etc. Right? So that's the idea. Um if you use this trade zone then you know I would uh manage it like that going forward. And if you're interested in getting uh trade zones like this for individual tickers every week to send to your inbox uh an update from me an update from Dan live updates for any trades that we do take then check out this report link is in the description below. It's it's you know that's uh this kind of setup or whatever is pretty much it's that's really all that you know the advisory is based on except we you know I also am considerate of like you know fundamental developments uh I'm most active in names that I think are promising for the future. Um but anyway moving on to the rut here. So for the rut this was quite notable right recall what happened on this Friday. This was from two Fridays prior and yes, it was a very notable rejection from this structures point of control. That's this guy over here. This is the key supply that these buyers are struggling with right now. Rejecting from the point of control is the buyer as the seller is playing a very notable defense. However, all they did was drop and pop at the low of the range and now you're back over the value area low of this big old structure here. And you're back over 21691. So essentially, we're back to expecting this kind of balance. Even if we were to balance over 21397 and under 226, while that would not be ideal because we would not be affirming this structure as demand, it would still be notable that the sellers can't get us back under this structure and we'd be chipping away at the supply that is in here. Um, so little bit of relative weakness here. Daily higher low trying to be established at 21851. I need a break of 221.57 for us to be confident in this daily higher low being set next week. Again, if you use this trade zone, very reasonable to have taken an exit over here at the daily no change level and I would just leave my stop under the low for anything else. And you're looking for the same thing. You want to see balance and break out before walking a stop up. All right, moving on then to the Dow. Oops. Uh, all right. So, for the Dow also bounced, but again, some relative weakness here. So, we're still struggling. The buyers, I should say, are still struggling under this guy. This is not the all-time high supply. The all-time high supply is over here. So, this is kind of the the the mini boss, right? This is the big boss, even though it's smaller. Kind of like uh you know, kind of like those like old like the the whole trope of like the small boss like in cartoons. You know what I'm talking about, man. What is that? What is that like Looney Tunes? Little gangster guy with a big hat. something like Mini or something whatever. Anyway, um like Joe Peshy, I guess. Uh he's the big boss. Anyway, um so very notable point of control rejection over here. Space for a daily higher low. Trying to set it here at 43798. Buyers need to break over 442.88 next week to have confidence in this higher low at 437.98 being set. And it's really still about 44489 next week, right? They need acceptance over 44489 to flip this guy as demand. Flipping this guy in demand keeps these buyers positioned well for a go at the all-time high structure. Very notable failure here, right? So this lower low could not get back down to 43206. So this breakout continues to be affirmed as long as no acceptance under 43206. But at the same time, this was good defense from these buyers, sellers, excuse me. Think we did a trade zone as well. It's like a bigger one. Looking for a yearly R1. Uh not really any room for profit taking here. So, I would just, you know, hold fast here and just uh stick to the game plan if you initiated that in the Dow. Moving on to the dollar. You can't love this as a dollar seller, right? Particularly if you use this trade zone. You know, the price is still moving lower, right? But at the same time, you know, you can't love the fact that these lower lows are being met with buying. Um, that being said, you know, it can get choppy in this in this mess over here. And I already suggested, you know, you you take some profits on any initiations in here and throw your stop over the high. Um, so I would just stick with that, right? So at this point now, you should have chopped it up a little bit. Throw your stop over here and you're still trying to get back down here. I don't hate this as a buy either. That's why you have it set up like this because it's it's very reasonable to be looking for balance under under this guy and over this guy. I would not be surprised if the dollar spends a good amount of time balancing as that's just kind of what it does. has a propensity to be choppy for for prolonged periods of time. Space for daily lower high. Anything under uh 98.890 is going to be good for one. And that's it. Moving on to gold here. So for gold, um so it's a breakout to new alltime high, but you know, didn't really see that much acceptance. That that being said, the sellers really haven't pressed the issue at all either yet. So, I got these three marked up because this is really what we should be looking at going forward to assess the strength of this breakout. The best case scenario would be for these buyers to get back over or to hold rather over the development value area high. That's going to let us know that the buyers are still moving value higher relative to all this local balance over here. And if they can hold over the development point of control, then they're positioned well to continue to uh move value higher. But I don't know that I would care to play the Deepo here. I think if this is going to be a look above and fail, then the seller should try to test the lows of the range. So, I would get back to looking for devout plays personally, right? Like either be, it's going to sound kind of counterintuitive, but I would be more inclined to play at the DVL looking for further balance or down here or if you hold the DOG. I I I don't here or if you hold the DOG. I I I don't here or if you hold the DOG. I I I don't love playing the DO here, right? After a look above and fail, I would rather we see something like this. Move down, get a really strong reaction off the DOT, make space for a higher low, then play off the DVA and look for a pass back over play, trying to get back to the highs of the, you know, at least like somewhat somewhere like under this local high. That's how I would handle it. At least the most patient trader, you're still just waiting for this trade zone. There's no guarantees. You know, you never know if this breakout's going to be real. We could if this is going to be a look above and fail, that would increase the probability that you do get a setup back at this trade zone over here. All right, MVDA just grinding higher over here as well. Space for a daily higher low. Anything over 170.89, it's really semis that's still holding up the Q's and NES and SPY just consolidating at the highs. Um, and VDA is uh, you know, a big part of that. So, space for daily high low over 170.89. 89 and we really care about this guy over here. Again, bigger picture. I think if you're, you know, being patient, waiting for more draw down, I think over here is really where you want to be waiting and get good value on a back test of this uh structure sitting at the highs of all of this demand here. I think that's, you know, going to be would likely offer better value. Um, but if you're a short-term momentum trader, you can just be playing right off for this guy. Just like for the SPY, the the ES, the ENQ, whatever. It was all the same idea, right? It was just looking for a back test of this area of local daily demand. This is the equivalent structure in NVDA. So, um, did we set that up or did we only do that big zone? I guess we only did that big one, huh? Um, anyway, that's it for MVDA. Bigger picture, I I still care about it over here in the short term. If you want to play make tape plays off of this guy, I I don't hate that either. Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin very notable, right? To hold the all-time high. It's a barely any break under the prior all-time high I should say and then uh get back over this breakdown. So this breakdown now under this low has been negated at this point. Now the daily no change level is 115756. These these sellers don't negate this most recent breakout on the 7th without getting back under 115756. I think this is pretty notable too. As of right now they did not touch down on it. Right. So this is like I guess like a 4hour higher low probably. Um, and you you initially you back test it, but here is a failure to get down there. That's quite notable. But at the same time, they're also failing so far to get back up to the point of control of this all-time high supply. They need to get back over 118018 in order to affirm this uh supply as demand. Affirming this supply as demand uh keeps them positioned well for a go at new highs. All right. And I think if you do happen to flip this back into demand, the next objective should be the yearly R1 again. Uh it's pretty much where the buyers pop and dropped initially. But I wouldn't be surprised if Bitcoin is just kind of taking a breather here because you know you look at the dominance chart and it's uh you know making a lower low here. But if the dominance starts making a lower low and Bitcoin is just trading sideways, honestly, that's not bad at all for the space um overall, right? Give the alts a little bit of an opportunity to go for a run here. And then if uh those if that capital flows back into Bitcoin, then you know, you pretty much have like a you know, crypto cycle um occurring, right? So that's what we want to see that healthy rotation. Uh and that's really it. Space for a daily higher low. Anything over 112 622.14 going to be good for that daily higher low. Ethereum just ripping here as well. It's getting to to be getting to the point I should say where you know I think looking for a back test of this area of demand is is starting to be pretty enticing where just something along these lines right and this can be an ad for the situation over here. here. I know we barely came into the trade zone, so you probably only have one fill, but even if you did just get that one fill, you're still looking at 100% move from that one fill. So, um, something like this, you know, if you're looking to add to the trade or add back, particularly if you've, uh, taking your profits on the way up, something along these lines, I think, is, uh, pretty appropriate. Again, this is just a momentum style trade, looking for this area of local demand to hold because this is the consolidation of this move higher. And so if these sellers can't take out this structure, then the buyers are going to try their best and try to make their way back up to where the all-time high supply, right? And I'm I got this guy marked up over here because it's where these sellers have uh have taken their stand many times in the past. And now we've finally broken over these two highs over here. It's the first time in uh let's see 2024. So it's been over a year since we've been uh seen higher prices relative to this double top over here. This is quite notable. Um, so I'm thinking at this point now, again, very reasonable, right? If you look for the retracement play in here, they should be trying to get back up to this guy, which is the actual all-time high supply. So, pretty it's okay R. Obviously, not as good as down here, but still pretty good R and a very reasonable um play for a potential higher low or a lowerex follow through over a 3354.56. Think that was pretty much a weekly higher low that's been set. Now it kind of looks like an ascending triangle setting up here, right? Kind of this uh flat resistance here and higher lows, but anyway, I'm not much of a pattern guy. I mean, not in that sense at least. Uh CCJ. So for CCJ, um CCJ, I would still just wave for here. Wait for back here, right? This is essentially just a back test of this um big old structure over here. So, this was the prior all-time high, right? So, this zone covers the prior all-time high. It also covers the uh gateway structure, this guy into all of this local demand, this much larger area of demand. This would just be for an ad for down here. Obviously, you know, if you're still manage that position, you're doing quite well. Um that being said, it is initially a rejection from this all-time high supply. I I honestly there's like I doubt that there's any excess here. So, I really wouldn't consider this high secure either. Um excess just meaning like there that you know again there's nobody willing to to to buy anymore. You should see a taper there. Um and it just doesn't look like that's much taper at all. It might be, but I kind of doubt it. Um I'd have to pull up a profile chart and just see if there's any single prints there. Uh, I don't really want to do that right now, especially because it's like a, you know, it's like a it's best looked at in a lengthy portrait mode and the the stream is not set up for that. I mean, the recording is not set up for that. This is potentially head and shoulders, right? As long as this supply is being problematic for these buyers, then this is potentially head and shoulders here. If this head and shoulders does confirm, then we're probably looking for a back test of this area. Okay? So, I still think this is a pretty reasonable place to be looking for a trade, right? Um, okay. So, moving on to uh Oh, trade review. So, for trade review. Oh, right. Forgot forgot about that that whole thing. Um, can't see the notes uh over this guy right now. All right. So, I'll just copy it over again. Uh, last week, you know, put the mic in the best place, right? Nearly directly in my mouth. Uh, but then some folks were saying, you know, where's your face? And one I think one person went as far as to say I'm not allowed to hide my face, which is kind of Orwellian, I guess. Um, so there's my face. My face is right there. I don't really have too many pictures of myself, but I think that's me. There's my grandma over there. That's my wife. So, not only do you have my face, you have, you know, the the faces of my loved ones as well. So hopefully this appeases uh the um the the people who come here to look at my face and not listen to the information. Um all right, so let's get into it here. My eyes are up here, by the way. There. Uh all right. So 84. I got to copy this over here. So here we go. Uh whoops. I got to be on the What? What is this? The rut. The rut. This is just a stopout day. Um, so for Oops. For 84 here. Uh, what was I doing here? 84. I just sold the move under the open if I'm not mistaken. So that's this guy over here. So again, we'll just bring that up. Um, yeah, I just sold the pass back under the open after fa tagged a daily no change level. So that's just this right on the daily chart. we were over here and we rolled back down under the open after missing this test. So, and the initial drive was higher. You missed 21691 and then you rolled back down under the open. So, I was thinking, okay, if we're going to roll back down under the open after that, um where is it? Uh after failing to get that to that touch the daily no change level, then these sellers are probably going to try to at least come down to over here. Um so, I just set it up like this and sold it. It was a very late entry. I just I don't know. I think the maybe liquidity was bad. I don't know. Either way, I thought I had a much better entry. Um, but yeah, no, it was not. So, I just gave it enough wiggle room to get one like roughly 1.5R. I was just looking for it. I was looking for way above honestly 2182.5. But the reason why I was looking for it at uh the target at 2182.5 was again just because that's the the most recent breakout point, right? So, if these sellers mean business, they should try to get back under here to negate this um breakout. It's also roughly these lows, right? But they they I didn't get to either. So whatever just to stop out next day uh let's see next day the first trade was this guy for NQ. Oops. Switch to NQ here. Um that was 85. So for 85 I just bought the passback over the open. Just a typo here. passed back over the open on the fifth because it was a um it was gap I think right uh let's see the fifth here. Yeah, it was a big old gap up and I did talk about in the morning rundown for the futures room that you know I don't love this gap cuz it was a pretty big gap and it was a big gap into supply. So I only really wanted to take it if the setup was cheap and it was pretty cheap right off the jump. Um but but it was also a super fast stopout. So, I bought this pass back over. Hang on. Let me just bring the references in. Uh 85. Is it the fifth? Yeah, the fifth. Okay. So, the first trade, you can't see it because it was just a super fast uh stop out over here. And it was just I bought this pass back over the open. The initial move was a little bit lower. I move I bought the pass back over the open. It rolled back over. I stopped it out. And then however like you have to be prepared to keep willing like if you're looking to play with momentum on the day time frame then um you want a few things right ideally you'll have the daily demand being affirmed right so that actually wasn't the case here right we weren't holding over this area of local daily demand because the open was under 566.06 06. So, I didn't actually have everything uh in my favor, but I still wanted to play for the potential of a gap and go day. Um so, right, like one of these days or this day. I think we captured this day or this day. We captured this day. Um so, I was looking for a similar play like that. They can be super asymmetrical and great setups. And the and the stopout, you know, it was obviously a failed trade off the open, but whatever. The stop was stupid cheap, so no problem. And then the next trade was the uh let's see was the let's see uh was that here or here? Uh no that should be here. Uh 36. Uh okay. Yeah. So that's this buying this pass back over um the hang on a second here. Buying this pass back over the overnight low. The overnight low is marked up over here. Um and it's also roughly the regular trading hours high. So, I'm thinking, okay, well, I saw that the rut was also showing us a lot of relative strength and like unless it's a dash to trash kind of situation. I just didn't really see why there would be any reason for the rut to show see some relative strength. So, I figure um you know, we're probably looking at some bullish rotation, right? If the ENQ is weak and the rut is strong, that probably probably is like you know, XLV, XLF, some of the smaller sectors showing up some strength. So once that retraces then, you know, it wouldn't be unreasonable to see some consolidation back into of some rotation back into the cues. So I figure, all right, let me and it was cheap. It was dirt cheap. So that's it. I did flipped out at the um local range. So I chopped it up at the high of the local range and then I took some more out at the uh open and then I stopped out the rest over here. But that's still pretty pretty decent trade. Over here is where uh we stop out over here. And then on the same session uh a little bit later I think this is after I ate I forget. Um so at 10:28 I'm saying so 1028's over here at this point now the sellers have you know driven us back down under the regular trading RSI making a good amount of space for a potential lower high. So I'm thinking all right I'm open to a lower high play right if if it's a lower high on a passback under the deep if it's cheap then you know I'm open to that. So, that's that sets up over here. Very cheapo play. Looking for a lower high. I just sold that. Um, and I was looking for followthrough on the 15-minute lower high, which was really this, right? So, I didn't take this setup over here cuz the risk was just too high. Right over here, I saw this. This was potentially going to be a 15-minute lower high. I guess I could have used the development value area low, but I guess I had already kind of, you know, decided I think a deep play is appropriate. Honestly, the devout play would have been fine, too. But, um, whatever. Either way, I see this. It's not good R. It's a lot of risk. 31 points. So, I pass on that. But then I see this guy. This was dirt cheap. 11 points risk just to get to the development value area low is three R. So, I took that one. Um, chop it up at the DVO and then I stopped the rest. And so, you know, just a couple of base hits um for the day. But, I mean, these base hits really added up quickly. So, you know, that no problem. Uh especially, you know, when it's the cues, right? You chop this up, take off half your position, you book, you know, 70 uh 76 points or so, and then you stop out the rest for 20. You book 50 points on that. That's still, you know, 1,000 bucks you're taking home. That's not bad. Uh same deal over here, right? Chop chop and then stop out the rest. That's still a goodie. Um and so, and then I was thinking, all right, uh let me maybe I'm open to another cheap setup of the rejection from the value area low. So that's over here. Or for 23421. This is a typo. should be 241.25. Um, why? Because, well, 241.25 is essentially this. Let me just sync this globally. It's already synced up. Um, it's this guy. All right. 2 3 2 418. Where'd it go? Uh, that's here. Right. So, this is where we played that open. We stop it out. We played again off the overnight low, the regular trading RSI. Then the sellers drill all the way down here. We look for this lower high play. That one doesn't see followrough. So, I'm thinking, all right, well, where should these sellers defend? They should try to defend against the value area low, right? The value area low of the prior session or the low of this end of the day structure from the prior session because the goal for the buyers today was would be to affirm this guy as demand by holding over it. They failed to do that. And so now, what would the sellers try to do? They should try to defend against this structure. So, you do get a a pop and drop here at the value area low. And then you get another pop and drop here at the uh 24 1.25. But I just wasn't paying attention. So I didn't get either of them. I just concluded that because I I just you know I think it's very helpful to think about the trade you know going going ahead right like just like the uh just like you know uh okay I'm I'm interested in the this right open this is at 10:30 you know I call it out an hour beforehand. It just helps to kind of um kind of not outsource I guess kind of outsource out like just do all your planning beforehand so that you're not making any decisions like right there in the moment. Um it's very helpful for for uh trading especially for not like overtrading right if you already know exactly what you're trying to get done in the future. Um then you just wait for that right and you don't you don't have to like wonder should I do this should I do that you know if you're ever in a position where you're thinking should I do this right now it's probably not uh it's probably not ideal. All right, and that's all that I got done on the 5th. It was a pretty solid day. Um, despite, you know, nothing like crazy. I'm telling you, these bases, particularly the futures, can really add up. Um, okay. So, then finally for the E, not finally, but for ES here, um, let's see, for the ES on the Wait, what day is this? 86. This 86. We got to hide these date time frame references here. um for 86. What do we get done here? We eyeing a 340 test for ES if cheap. Um okay, so hold on. Let me let me set up the context here. So on the on the Whoops. on the six. Okay, we're looking for a sell off 6340. Why 6340? Because 6340 is this guy over here. Um that's here. So again, very similar sentiment, right? Where I'm thinking, okay, well, if these sellers are going to press the issue just like they did in the prior day, they should defend this structure, right? So this was the structure that they couldn't hold over here. They made the sellers made a move back under it, defended it, defended it. So if they're going to press the issue today, they should try to defend it again. So, I was thinking, all right, let me look for that potential play. And again, that's on the six over here. So, that's just like this. Uh, I saw the move back down 6340. Chopped it up at the open. Took out more at the developing value area low, I believe. Right. That's that's pretty much it. That's, you know, again, like if you've been watching these videos, the trades are almost always they're very similar. They always rhyme, right? Like I'm always looking for a failure at a key level. I'm looking for that to be affirmed by the div.a and the Deepo and the DVA, right? So, if these buyers are going to fail at 6340, what's their next objective? They should try to get to the deep. They should try to get to the DVA. They should really try to get to the open, but it's pretty much the same level uh in this situation. Um, so I chopped it above the open, left enough wiggle room for two R. That's a typo. And then looking for DVL for more. I get that DVL exit. Uh, get the DV valve exit. And then I stop the rest on this move higher. Again, just base hits, but you know, again, you're these are adding up well. Um, and then finally, all right, I have that doesn't matter. I guess we talk about it. Nah, whatever. It doesn't matter. Just uh I think it's helpful, you know, join our community. Check it out in the link description below. We had a member who she asked me in the pre-market, you know, like how how might you go about um ALA B gap up and run? So, she she's looking for the potential of a gap and go kind of a day. And so, just give her this context, right? The the long story short, it's just the idea is all right, well, you know, big gaps tend to get be gap and holds, right? Because people are digesting that move, but that's more likely when there's a big block of supply overhead. Um, but this one was in blue sky, so I was thinking, you know, I'm letting her know you can just measure it out beforehand, right? Like you set it up the open, the overnight high, and then give it a little bit of wiggle room, uh, you know, for acceptable R. Ideally, the the stop is based off of some kind of structure in the in the overnight session and then go from there. And she did execute this trade, um, from 166 to 174. So that's like a quick like 5% move or something like that. Pretty sweet. Um, that's on this day. That's on this big gap. So, like this is a tough play for a lot of people, you know, like they see a big gap up and they don't know how to play it, right? Because it's, you know, again, it can very likely be a gap and hold kind of a day and it kind of was uh hold kind of a day and it kind of was uh hold kind of a day and it kind of was uh right, this was the six. Oh, yeah. Okay. And it kind of was, right? It's a gap and hold kind of a day over here. Kind of just gaps up and then trades sideways. But she was able to get it from 66 to 74. So, just a really quick 5% flip. Um, pretty sweet, right? So, anyway, uh, we do this kind of thing all the time. So, if you're interested, you know, trading with a group of folks, getting some feedback, bouncing ideas off each other, a lot of time we're just talking about dumb stuff, raccoons and cats and RVs and like fiberglass and stuff that I don't understand regarding like electrical engineering, you know, check it out if you're into any of that stuff. It's often time just like nonsensical things to be honest with you. But that's fun, too, right? cuz trading can be boring. So anyway, check it out. Links in description below. Um, all right. So the next day 87. Uh, oh wow, I was really active this week. 87 I What did I do here? I bought the passback open over the open looking for the uh gap and go. So that's over here. No wonder I didn't get much back testing done this week. It's just a lot of trading. Um, all right. All right. So, that's over here 87 and okay, so it's another gap, right? That's uh this day. It's another big gap, but at this point now where the potential to squeeze all the folks in here. So, I'm thinking, all right, let me take another stamp at this gap up um situation. Really, the fourth is the one that I we should have been the most interested in. What happened on the fourth? I was selling RTY. What a demi. Um, okay. So, for the, uh, the 7th, we're over here, and I'm thinking, all right, uh, and this one I, again, this is a situation where you you call that trade out. You can measure this all out beforehand, right? So, I'm measuring this all out, and I see this first candle print. I see how low it gets, and I have this marked up already. So, I let everybody know, hey, listen, it's still 1.5 R just to get to the overnight high right now. So, that's like pretty reasonable. So, I buy that pass back over the um open, throw my stop under here, chop it up at the overnight high, and then I just uh stop out. I was looking for more at the value area high of this session over here, 731 session from way back here. Why? Because um what's happening here on this open, right, is that you're holding over this session's point of control. So, if these buyers were able to hold over this session's point of control, this should be their next objective. And you can see how they stall here the next day when they finally do get there. Um, that's pretty much it. David got a pretty nice trade over here as well. I just have that just included that just because it's a I think this was a goodie. Um, and he he made this stairst step play at 949. And you know, David's very helpful fella, friendly guy. He's probably the friendliest guy out of all of us. Um, I would say never really throws any shade to anyone. Um, just like pretty much what 50% of our energy is used on. Um, yeah. So, he's he's good calling out his trades as well. Um, yeah. So, this was just a stairst step break here. One minute stair step. And I like this because I don't know if he was looking at this, but the that one one minute stair step was right off of uh this guy, right? So, that play that he did was in here and it was right off this point of control of this session. So, honestly, I should have been prepared for that uh as well and I and I just failed it. It didn't get there, right? It doesn't get to our value high target, but it is better R. I have it marked up over here. Buying that stairst step break stop under here. It's pretty much 2 R to get to there. So, it was a much 2 R to get to there. So, it was a much 2 R to get to there. So, it was a much better trade than the one that I took. I should have been prepared for that. A DV valval play if incomplete fill. Um especially because there was confluence with that um virgin point of control. Um but I just I just for whatever reason failed to do it. So, kudos to David. Uh and they stop out the rest. I assume I I don't think he would have taken all that damage. Pretty sure he he mentioned it somewhere. just didn't include it. And then finally on the eighth here, um on the eighth, I think it's just another base hit. Uh on the eighth here, no, this was just a stop. No, no, it was it was a base hit. So, I had the morning stream, so I didn't do anything in here. Although, there were some pretty nice deep plays, I think, for a 15-minute higher low, I believe. This one, uh this one was pretty nice, too. Very cheap. Got right to the regular trading hours high, but I missed that. I was I just ended the stream. I went to go eat. Um, so I I made a a comment about like that's a that's a bummer. Yeah, I say it over here. Okay, that's a bummer. I missed that setup. Um, at 11:07ish or something like that. So that's over here. It's already passed. But then it does it again, right? You get another setup at the deep to the regular trading hours high. The R was still fine. Uh, I didn't size up appropriately for this cuz I was doing the math very quickly. But either way, still good art. Little base hit. Chop it up at the regular trading RSI. stop out the rest and then that was that was it. So, a lot of base hits um throughout the week and they honestly added up to be a quite you know pretty pretty solid week. So, that is it my friends. Um appreciate y'all tuning in. If you got anything out of this, we would very much appreciate a like and subscribe. That'd be great. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. Um, by all means, keep commenting about uh all the things that you dislike. Um, the mic could be a better microphone or position better or not covering uh my face or covering my face more. I don't know, whatever. Let me know your opinions. Happy to hear them. I do appreciate all the folks who are, you know, willing to put themselves out there and engage in discourse. uh you know very often it does uh give me some food for thought. So I appreciate that. Appreciate you guys tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.