============================================================
Video: 7wsW7CdY8aI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Cannabis Stocks & Rescheduling
Date: 2025-08-15
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5630
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:04.147119
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Back from a camping trip and there's been a lot of action in the cannabis space while I was gone. We had a buildup of a bunch of articles being shared. We had Trump mentioning that we're going to get a decision on rescheduling within the next few weeks. We tend to think that that's going to mean we're going to get rescheduling because it would be very odd for them to dangle a 70% plus favorable issue and then say, "Nah, never mind. We're not going to do it." But we also saw a bit of a sell-off to end this past week. So, where do we stand as we wait for a decision on rescheduling? Let's see what the charts say. I'm also going to touch on some psychedelic stocks at the end of this video, but that's the backdrop. We're pretty much just waiting for the decision from Trump. And a few weeks, we can gauge roughly end of August, early first half of September. And again, probabilities would dictate that we're going to get rescheduling. Is it going to be a sell the news reaction? It's tough to say because we don't know what the price action is going to be leading up into it. The harder we run, the more likely it's an initial sell the news reaction. And the more we pull back, the more likely it won't be a sell the news reaction. And I'm not going to try and predict what the next three weeks of price action is going to be. Again, that's why I keep saying one day at a time because every day we get new information. There's no need to paint ourselves into a corner by predicting things when we can be reacting to the new information that we're given every single day. So, the last cannabis video, which was two or three weeks ago, we talked about the start of what was looking like a coordinated pump in the sense that on Twitter, we were getting a bunch of accounts talking about it. I'll call that wave one of the pump. And then we had wave two which was the Forbes article that was saying you know there's room just more of the same rumors this anonymous person said that Trump said this and then of course once Trump actually gave a little bit of a timeline things became a lot more concrete because as we know we've been operating with no timeline whatsoever on any of this ever since the HHS recommendation we knew it was just going to be a long drawn out process. But this condenses the window a bit which makes things a bit more exciting and makes people more uh more active in their buying so to speak. So at this point to just to get it out of the way I've got exposure in MSOS C and then at the end of the video at AAI M&amp;MD CNS. So those are my holdings. My mindset is this is my core swing position that I won't sell at a bare minimum. I need a decision. Once we get a decision from Trump, then I can sell my swing position. If I add any positions, which I am open to doing, that can then be more shorter term mindset. And you know, if I'll sell partial positions, if we go up 5%, I sell half, break even, stop. That's my style if I'm looking to add. So that's my game plan going forward. We dumped here to to close the week. And generally, we look for hourly oversold. They call it a back burner, hourly oversold to mark a daily higher low. We got right up to hourly oversold and I was hoping that that would happen during, you know, a morning regular trading hours to allow a bounce to play out. So, if Monday rolls around and we get a another leg down and fresh lows, I will be looking to play the hourly oversold bounce. But that remains to be seen as we know again the the trickery with the ETF in the final 5 10 minutes of trading is very well known at this point and this is the second day in a row we got this kind of dump. So all that said we just went straight up 68% since last daily consolidation and so now daily consolidation is underway and we know a higher low is the most likely scenario with a lot of space for that higher low to form. Bulls want to see again hourly oversold mark a daily higher low and they want daily EMA 12 support to continue holding as it has the last few periods of consolidation. The bears clearly set up shop in the 530s. If we zoom into the 15minut time frame you know the the wild action pre-market was on very low volume. I mean, decent volume, 500,000 to a million dollars traded, but compared to regular trading hours, not very convincing, but look at all this resistance in the 530s. Yesterday, that was really the last two days, that was defense for the Bears. Topped out at 531, 530. Then yesterday, it was 537, 38, 35, 36. And then today we roll over and break short-term support. You can see the dump end of the day yesterday into the close last 10 minutes dropped us down to close at the low and then again same thing today as well. And so the hourly downtrend is now our guide and I view the hourly lower high as 496. So we opened at 518 or the high of the day was 518. Drop down lower high lower low. So on the next bounce again, let's just say we drop down to hourly oversold here. And we might have just got there, but I'm not going to play the last five minutes of trading for an hourly bounce. But let's just say, you know, we get to hourly oversold at 445 and I make an entry. If the hourly bounce then gets underway, I know an hourly lower high is the most likely scenario. So I sell partial. Let's say I sell 445 to 465 and then I stick a stop at 425 for break even. And if we set a healthy daily high or low and stay strong, I now have a larger position size and I've got different stops on different parts of the position. And I let it play out and see if that can lead to continuation. We have to see the bulls regain an hourly uptrend for the daily higher low to be shaping up. So, we know the next bounce that we see, we're just going to be looking for an hourly lower high. The bulls will have to prove the follow-through of the higher low and the higher high. If we're going to be shaping up the daily higher low, so there are no red flags at this point. Obviously, a little PTSD from the bulls saying, "Here we go again." But again, straight up 68%. This pullback at this point is not a red flag. There's a support level at 444. In an ideal world, the bulls hold that. But again, for me, it's the uh oh will be if you lose daily EMA 12. And so the question is going to be, you know, are bulls on the sideline waiting to buy this dip anticipating a desc or a rescheduling announcement within the next few weeks. And if this move is going to have any follow-through, that obviously has to happen. Right now, bigger picture, you go to the long-term time frames. Let's go to the threemonth chart. Every candle's three months here. If we don't break 1137, it's just a longer term lower high. So, the bulls have a ton of work to do. Obviously, they got a nice move off the double bottom at the all-time low. We talked last video about the importance of needing to close over 332. No, it was 338 and 323. I wanted to close over 323 because if that happened to me, the probability we're going to break 338 after that is very high. So, we did get that close eventually over 323 back on August 4th and we had a lot of follow-through from that point forward. And so, again, my trading style is not nailing tops and bottoms. And if you waited for that signal, yeah, you missed a bunch of the move initially, but it wasn't too late. There were still very worthwhile gains to be had for another 50% almost. Math is not in the brain at the moment. 60%. So a late signal already plus 50% off the low gets another 60% of followthrough. And so again, that's why I stick with the charts and I want to see that momentum to show me things are shifting. And so we need a healthy daily high or low ideally on Monday to shape that up to alleviate some of the uh oh PTSD. As far as the individual names again in the last video we talked about how there was rotation starting to take place into cure relief and we saw that by looking at CURLF divided by MSOS and that was back around here. The candle that Thursday before the video stood out as that rotation and it's been nothing but rotation into CURLF since then. And if where where's it coming from? Go to GTBifid MSOS and we can see that it's coming from Green Thumb. There is capital rotating from Green from Green Thumb to Curleaf and also to True Leaf. But, you know, Green Thumb just closed the weakest it's been compared to MSOS the entire year, almost 9 months. And you've got again Cur Leaf closing at the highest it's been in a year in terms of relative strength. And then TCNNF divided by MSOS tested the all-time high and rejected, but still holding on much better. So again, zooming way out, what happened is green thumb held on a lot better when the market was weak and dumping and hitting all-time lows, the sector I should say. And now we have that rotation out of green thumb and into the peers. And just a note on the backdrop as well, another thing that happened this past week is a really high PPI reading. Low cap names want to see rates drop. And so when we get a high PPI reading, the probabilities that rates are going to drop on the September FOMC meeting drop a bit. Not much, but they did drop. And so that's that has an impact as well. We want to see, of course, the broader market stay strong. And at the moment, it is SPY maybe the second highest close, third highest close all time. We're still up there at all-time highs. So there's no red flags in the broader market, but we need to see daily higher lows form and we need to see bulls willing to buy the dip. Did everybody use up all their stack market buying in in the first, you know, week of that news or is there cash on the sidelines waiting for this consolidation to either get in or to add? And we're going to get that information this coming week. So as far as specific levels, again for MSOS, it's the 530s. I really want to see the bulls get to this gap, Phil. The vote, remember the big gap on the bare reaction of the vote? Well, there's a gap 549 to the 680s with there's previous price action in this range, but uh as far as recency, that gap is could potentially see things open up a bit in terms of bulls having an easier time making progress. And you can see we pulled back 11 cents under that level. That's the most important resistance for me right now. 549. Well, the high of this move 538 and 549 very important resistances to see if this move can progress or was that just a fast hard pump and it's business as usual for this sector which we've seen a hundred times over the last few years. As far as the other individual names, again, Curleaf, look at the gap. We've already filled it. So, there's that relative strength showing itself. The earnings gap, we got back to it. That was at not the earnings, the vote gap 303 and we got up to 308. So, big progress there. That said, again, we just went straight up hundreds of percent. So, consolidation has to happen when you're in that kind of a move. 300% straight up. So, can the bulls form a a healthy higher low? And again, when you're in a strong uptrend, you hold daily EMA 12. Curleaf is doing it perfectly. Every period of daily consolidation holds it and sees another leg up. And that's what we need to see keep happening over the next couple of weeks. Short-term support 255, but keep an eye on EMA2. And obviously there's a resistance wall now. Triple top at 308 the last three days. TCNNF current top is the most important resistance 925. And then we care about the vote gap 1151. There's a support level down at 698 which was the low of the day pretty much two days here earlier in the week. and daily EMA 12 is going to be aligning with that level Monday or Tuesday. Green thumb gtbify clearly bears are defending $9. We topped out at $9 three days in a row and then dumped. There's a gap to fill to the downside at $740, but it's all about $9 and then I'd be looking up at 1049 as we already filled the vote gap when there was relative strength back then. But now that is relative weakness. So what does that mean? Well, for me it always means don't put all your eggs in one basket. Have some diversification. If you don't want to have the ETF, that's fine. But, you know, we want to have some exposure. And what some traders will do is, you know, take a we'll just call those the the large cap names, relatively speaking. Those three names, you got the ETF, and then you got all these low caps. I'm not going to look at all these different companies. a lot of requests on Twitter, but some of them don't have enough volume for me to pay attention to, like MRMD, but the low cap names generally see bigger percentage moves. So, you know, you could be in twothirds and I could have a third of my position in in True Leave, a third of my position in Green Thumb, and a third of my position in Glass House or Verono or one of those names to just get some exposure where if this is go time, those lower cap names, they dump more on the way down and they go up more on the way up. And so, personally, this this sector is volatile enough for me to just be sticking with the larger names. I don't really mess with the low volume, more volatile names, but it all depends on your strategy and what your game plan is. And so, again, for me, uh, I'm I got right up my my account, which is now it went from a cannabis account. I got my day trading account, my IRA swing trading, and a cannabis account. It's now cannabis and psychedelics, and I got right back to the all-time high, which was right before the vote came out. And then obviously I took a big hit because I I was trying to be a bit aggressive with uh True Leave and kept some position on for the possibility that boat would pass. And so two days ago I got right up to that all-time high thanks to psychedelic names, thanks to being in cash for a lot of the downside, but now I got a double top in my account uh because it's pulled back the last two days with MSOS. So again, I'm going to let it play out where I'm okay giving back profit. I've had a great year elsewhere and this sector is going to be a big win or it's going to be a small win and I'm not really going for the solid win. So, I'll either give back a a move down to the upper threes or we're going to $6 plus uh is my approach at the moment. So with regards to the smaller names, glass house watching this name because of the headlines, we pretty much had a double bottom down at support on that headline reaction. That low was 460. We dropped to 455 and had a solid bounce. And so now I'm anticipating what we call an equilibrium, which is a tightening range. And if we fail 886, we're just going to look at essentially tightening up. But it's doing the same thing as everybody else. We're pulling back. hasn't technically broken the low of the last couple of days like other names have. So, we can say key short-term support 674. But if 674 breaks, we're going to look to trade within this range for a while. We'll look for a higher low from where we came from. But comparing to VR NOFF again, top is in for now. Most important resistance 173. Establish a daily higher low. Hourly RSI got real close to oversold, but didn't quite get there. We need that daily high or low holding EMA 12 Monday, Tuesday the latest, but ideally Monday. And again, this name more drop on the way down. That vote gap is all the way up at 272. We need a 100% move. I mean, from where from where we topped out, we need a lot more to get back to that filling that gap. 70 to 100% gets towards that gap fill. So, because we dropped more, it's a longer way to get there. But we also saw again a 200% plus move off the lows. MSOS isn't going to go 200% like these low cap individual names. SNDL, let's get on to some of the higher listed names. So, SNDL, very similar pullback. We're looking for a daily higher low. Anything above 164. Bulls want to hold EMA 12. They want hourly oversold to mark a a local bottom. Bigger picture. There's a lot of work to do. We go to the monthly chart. Bigger picture. Again, I'm just imagining I'm a bear. I'm not. But if we don't break 293, nothing changes the long-term structure of this downtrend. Otherwise, it's just a lower high compared to that level. So, a name like SNDL still has a lot of progress. And again, you got to keep an eye on volume. You know, this name's now trading $10 million. That's plenty. MSOS has, you know, $50 million, $100 million traded a day. That's plenty. But when you get to some of these smaller names, VRNF volume today was less than $1.5 million traded. And for someone like myself, I have rules, right? As a professional trader, I have to have rules. Don't invest long-term in OTC names. I learned that in my penny stock days back in 2013. Don't trade names that have less than my generally I want to see five I'll make some exceptions but I want to see $5 million average dollar volume a day as my bare minimum and I have to stick to these rules because the only thing that keeps me a profitable professional trader is having rules that you stick to and that's the discipline that keeps us in this game long term. This is now year 15 that I've been trading cannabis stocks and it's gone well. And I know it hasn't gone well for most people, which is why I'm trying to share my knowledge. Uh, but we got to be taking profits into Euphoria generally speaking, but again, I've explained my situation and also my positions aren't aren't massive. you know, if my if my current MSOS position goes to zero tomorrow, I'm going to give back maybe like 15% of my profits on the year. So, as I mentioned, it's been a good year elsewhere, Tesla and everything, a crypto. Um, so because of the volatility of these names, you know, I'm not going for a home run here. My home run was in this sector in 2018 and I locked in that home run. And so again, everybody's going to have a different game plan. Some people are going for a home run and that's fine. Just make sure you've got a game plan for all scenarios. So SNDL, we're looking for a daily higher low. TLRY. So a bit of a short squeeze. Again, these names coming off of all-time lows. You just got to be really cautious with the dilution on these Canadian names. And I haven't read these financial statements in who knows how long. But if you Google chart guys dilution, I did a video teaching about dilution. And the example I used was ACB for a death dilution spiral. And little did I know CGC and TLRY would follow in that same path. And so again, longer term monthly chart, if I'm a long-term bear, this monthly chart isn't scaring me yet. You know, obviously the fact that we've gone up 100 whatever percent 150% plus 200%. Uh that's significant from the lows, but let's just say I'm short from a year ago. I'm still not sweating. So, a lot of work has to be done. And the the the path that these charts often take is the pump and then fade. And so obviously, as I've said for years, we need the actual concrete change to the the federal landscape of cannabis if these charts are going to change. If they don't, we're going back to all-time lows, right? If we don't get rescheduling, the sectors are short again. I don't really short this sector. People like to accuse me of things. The the dollar volume that I've shorted in this sector versus long, it's literally 99% to one. And when I'm shorting, it's generally hedging long positions. What was my point? But you can see like after the vote, right, the sectors are short. It was a terrible response to the vote. We've got Florida failing. We got whatever other initiatives failed as well. And at that point, we know it's a long summer. It's a short. So for me, that just means selling longs. I'm not going to actively short this sector, but a lot of people will. And so again, without that concrete change, it's going to go back to business as usual. And as I mentioned in the last video, I think I said 75 to 78% chance that what I was seeing on social media was inside info. And so I do believe that we are going to get some confirmation of rescheduling from Trump. What does the timeline look like? What does up listing look like? I have no idea. But I do believe that this move has more merit behind it than other moves. Again, HHS was okay, this is great news. This timeline can be two years for all we know. We have a few week timeline. CGC. So CGC was a falling wedge. I really dislike as a technical analyst a really nice pattern that earnings are is then going to be the deciding factor because I'm not going to do the coin flip and trade earnings. But it was a falling wedge and earnings caused it to break bull. But again, you know, if if everything was doing what CGC is doing right now, massive red flags. We gave back 65% of the move up. That is not a good sign. We rejected from resistance. So again, these names that have significant dilution, we just got to be more cautious with them. For me, these are more traders. Like we're trading these names versus maybe longer term. Again, I'm not investing in anything in this sector, but longer term swing trades, I'm open elsewhere. But here's CGC rejected from $2. And if we do not break $2, long-term bears have nothing to worry about. If we drop down and break $1, we're right back into a a long-term downtrend. So, I do expect a higher low compared to 102 from where we came from. But, I mean, look at where we stand now. We can bounce what 40% and just form a daily lower high. No, not that much. 30%. And just form a daily lower high. So, we've given back too much of this move. It's not it's not ideal. You want to get back 40% or less. And MSOS, you know, where are we measuring from? Let's just keep it uniform. CGC will measure from the sixth. And so the sixth here we've given back 40% on MSOS. That's very different. You know, if we had given back the same amount, we'd be under $4 right now and it would be uh oh, here we go again. So out of everything we've looked at so far, CGC has the biggest red flag. I mean, compared to SNDL, how much we've given back? Nothing even close to that. So CGC has the biggest red flag with the amount of the retracement here. ACB, we had a nice weekly tightening range, the equilibrium that broke bull, higher low, lower high, higher low, lower high, higher low, bull break. We still got a couple key resistances again. Go to the monthly chart. If I'm a bear longterm, do I have anything to worry about? Not if we keep forming monthly lower highs. We topped out on that pump back in April 2024 and then a lower high at 720 and then a lower high at 691 and then another at 625. So if this is a lower high compared to 625, the prolong downtrend continues. These names that are coming from all-time lows still have a lot of work to do. Same deal. We're looking for a daily higher low. Bulls want to hold EMA12. How much have we retraced? 382. So much better than CGC cron. So I was in crom because I really liked the there was relative strength. I really liked the setup for the break of this wall and we didn't get any follow-through. So the way I played this is I made an entry off of $2 support. I added a break of 215 saying here we go. Like this this is a key resistance just broke. We only broke it by a couple pennies. The next day, red flag. I exit my aggressive ad. I took a small loss on that aggressive ad, but I kept my core position. Said, "All right, my thesis hasn't been invalidated. I'm going to let this play out a little bit." And so, I still have that position gap fill down at 235. Hasn't filled just yet, but again, same thing. We need the daily higher low. We're giving back a little bit more than the bulls want to see. approaching 50% retracement. Anytime you retrace 50% or more, you then scout the equilibrium as the most likely scenario. So, anything that retraces 50%, unless we get a new headline, we're going to anticipate just a tightening sideways range until we get some news. All right, we'll do VF and then a quicker check-in of psychedelics here. So again, VFF has stood out as the most bullish cannabis chart regardless of where or what in a long time. We just hit three-year highs. Nothing is hitting three-year highs aside from psychedelic names, which we'll talk about in just a moment. Some of them, ATI, but same deal, daily consolidation. Actually, it's not even officially underway. We would have to break 254 for that to be the case. Then we look for the higher low, EMA 12. Again, it's not picture perfect, right? We closed right down at it there. But essentially, we've been riding daily EMA 12 as support for a month and a half at this point. And so, the next major resistance level, aside from this top of 291, three psychological, then we're looking up at 353. But weekly, I mean, we're we're riding the weekly EMA 12. MSOS, not doing that yet. In an ideal world, that's what we get. You know, this is the first bull cross of EMA 12 and 26 that we've seen since the bears took over. And if we can back test next time we do it and hold and then start seeing the uptrend on the long-term time frames, that's what we need. ATI pulling back. Weekly consolidation is underway again. Still very healthy. Another name, weekly EMA 12 right off of it before another leg up. That's our guide in the short term. You can see there's some decent dips, but they have been bought. We were closing over daily EMA 12 for 6 weeks, but this is the first close under it today. So, that's an indication things are potentially shifting a little bit, but at the moment, this is still healthy consolidation. Uh, as far as the fundamentals, I'm not on top of them at this point. Again, this sector is very high risk, highreward. Data can come out at any point. 20% move up or down in either direction. Biotech sector did just get a bull break to the highest level in six months. That helps. Again, low caps, I'm watching to see if we get rotation into low caps IWM, but want to see rates cut for IWM to potentially get some attention. But as of now, uh, bulls are scouting a weekly higher low. You got names like M&amp;MD, which just had a V-shaped recovery. We're battling. Look at this zone here. And so I've got positions in these names as I mentioned, but you know, I'm looking at adding. And so I want to see turn this resistance zone into support and I'll average up and I'll add. You know my position right now in M&amp;MD is I forget from where sevens maybe sixes somewhere down here and I will average up 50% higher than I bought if the key resistance is turned into support because again that then opens up the door where we may get to the highest level in three years here as well if we can clear 1136. Nope 1222 is the level but we just rejected from resistance again. So, what do I care about? I care about the top at 10:49 and our weekly higher low off of EMA12. I care about that as well. So, if if neither of these levels are breaking, we're not getting any new information, but we didn't turn that resistance into support. So, just patiently observing CNS. Again, I use this fear dump in the sector to grab these longer term positions. In hindsight, you know, it would have been nice to rotate into cannabis, but if these get if these names get another leg up sometime in the next two weeks, then that won't be the case. So, I have to see how it plays out. But I am very much going to be focused on both aspects of these sectors. And again, CNS, same deal. Look at this resistance zone. If I'm going to add here, you know, the position's up 65. Just got to form four. Let's see if somebody's buying or selling ATI. It froze. Um, if I I'm up like 65% in this position, 70%. If I'm going to add, it will be almost 100. It will be 100% higher than I bought. But I need this zone that we've rejected from. One, two, three, four times. I've got to see that turn into support. I can't add right under it. That would be silly. Form four real quick. ATI acquired. Oo, that's a sizable chunk. So, whenever you get one of these, you got to then look at, is this just part of the compensation package or is this in addition, you know, are they going out of their way to buy more? Uh, and I'm not going to be able to give that answer right now, but Okay, appreciate you watching. Again, establish a game plan. You need I mean, even if it's an 80% chance that we're going to get rescheduling, you need a game plan. What am I going to do if we get no word six weeks from now? What am I going to do if we get word that we're not getting rescheduling? Obviously, everybody's going to sell everything in short, but you got to be thinking these things out in advance. It's not just, you know, I'm buying and holding until we're $20. Uh, as we know, it is not that simple in this game. And, uh, anybody that has done that in these sectors has been hurt big time. So, it's nice to have some life revived into the space. And I will keep covering it as long as, you know, we're winging for this dangling carrot as always. But uh let's see if this time can be different with concrete actual change. Thanks for likes and shares and stuff. See you soon. Do good things.