============================================================
Video: 6Dl48Sw0lMg
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Can Bears Follow Through?
Date: 2025-08-02
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4674
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:10:24.171131
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys checking in on the broader market. We had our weakest week in a while. The bears finally proving something. The next step, there's a big check mark that they still need this coming week. I'll talk about how I'm personally positioning. We'll looked at all the major sectors where money is rotating and of course our sub sectors which are cooling off with everything else. Uranium, quantum, psychedelics, etc. Let's get to the charts. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com.  New little AI intro. All right, so first talking about me personally, starting July, aggressive bull, not changing anything as long as we're in a daily uptrend. Bears have to prove something for us to shift. Then the last week or two started to shift a little bit. Just saying, "All right, I'm taking my foot off the gas. were a bit extended. Uh rather than looking short, I was just being more aggressive, taking profit in all of my swing positions, I started to size down one by one as I would take profit and then get stopped out of my runners and reached a point where I'm not entering any new long swing positions until we get weekly consolidation. And it for me it was SMH. You know, I'm not comfortable looking at any new swing position until semiconductors start weekly consolidation. And again, it was just a weekly stair step of like 14 weeks in a row. Just absurd. And again, just waiting for that weekly consolidation. I also lucked out to a certain degree in the sense that over the next couple of weeks, I'm going to be uh renting a camper van and and bouncing around Washington State, going to all the national parks up there. And because of that, I size down and went flat into my account. So, I'm grabbing SPXS, the leveraged bear ETF to offset SPY soon. I'll be out of touch. I'll be traveling. Uh, and this is the way where essentially I'm going to lock in my accounts near all-time highs. July was my best month. January was previously my best month, and July combined accounts was 55% higher than that. Not 55% total. Uh, things change with your capital size. You know, back in my earlier days, a 20% month was a real nice month. these days, you give me 3% and I'm real pumped. Uh, so 55% more than my previous best month. Um, that plus my profit taking the last week plus will have me the most flat I have been in my accounts for 3 to four months. And then into Wednesday, I figured, okay, we're heading into the FOMC, we're heading into, you know, major earnings. Might as well grab that protection right now. And so, uh, that went well in the sense that weakness started after one more pop up and now pulling back. So, essentially, I'm going to be gone from the computer. I'll be checking in, but I won't be actively trading for the next two weeks, and I'm just ensuring that my account's going to sit, you know, I'm not going to sell my long-term no touch spy. I'm ensuring that it's going to sit uh, pretty much where I left it. There's going to be very little volatility in my account over the next two weeks. And as far as our scheduled streams, uh public streams and um videos, that remains to be seen in terms of what I'll be able to get to, but don't expect to see me next week. So, the big check mark that we need from here and and what stood out to us was again, you know, big bullish reaction to Meta earnings and Microsoft earnings into a gap up open in the NASDAQ to all-time highs and then nothing but selling for two days since then. And as always, what I've been talking about in these videos is the rotation. When the NASDAQ and semis pull back, does XLF and XLV head higher? Which is the rotation game that has kept the bulls in full control for 3 to four months at this point. And the last two days that was not happening as the NASDAQ and the semis were dropping on Thursday. You look at the days that XLF and XLV had red XLF breaking the low of the previous day and XLV on Thursday had a big dump day. So that told us, okay, rotation is not going on as it has been. Money is leaving the market. You know, there was a little bit of rotation in some places like utilities stayed strong up near all-time highs, but that's not enough to offset things. And again the most important sectors in the market are technology and semiconductors, healthcare and financial sector. And uh the last two days there was a selloff in pretty much all of them. XLV was green on Friday but uh not enough to offset anything. So the next big check mark that we need from bears to prove it, you know, you can view this as a sucker punch. And again, Google check sucker punch to see a webinar all about that. But it's essentially bull complacency, full bull control. You're grinding up and then you get a fast hard drop. And when it's a sucker punch, that fast hard drops low marks the low of the move into V-shaped continuation. And I forget when the best recent example of that was, I guess maybe back here in July of 2024. But what makes it not a sucker punch is proof from the bears. So what would that look like? Well, the next time we bounce on the daily, if we fully recover, that's a weekly bull flag and we're heading back to all-time highs. If we confirm the daily downtrend, that tells us, okay, bur bears are proving their control. So, bears have had control for a couple of days and I call it a sucker punch because it's out of nowhere. You know, you the Bears smack the bulls in the face and they need a second to get their wits about them and then they either all right come to and we head back higher and it was a quick flush Vshape which the market has done many times in over the years or the bulls get ready to fight and the bears hit them again and keep winning and that's what a daily downtrend is. And so when's the last time we've confirmed a clear daily? I mean really I'm saying it hasn't. You could make an argument there was a tiny one in there when we had the Iran headlines going on. But uh I'm making the argument it hasn't happened since we bottomed uh the tariff bottom which was almost 4 months ago. So that would tell us another big clue that okay things are shifting. We have to keep in mind again what's the most likely scenario bigger picture. Well for me a weekly higher low. I'm watching for a weekly high or low anything above this level. And for the S&amp;P 500, we would need to, if we're going to break that, we would need to drop down another essentially 5%. Possible to happen, but previous support and then support again. We'll see if the bulls can hold that level again. So, just to summarize, can bears confirm a daily downtrend after the next bounce? There is space for a daily lower high to try and form. That's the next most important information that this market is going to give me probably this coming week. And I know again can't forget we're going to see monthly consolidation at some point and it's not far away from happening and we're going to look for monthly higher lows. So just keep that in mind as well. We have tons of space for monthly higher lows. So same thing with the NASDAQ again all-time high big drop, you know, two day. That's what happens when you get the complacency bull grind. You're grinding up and then the sucker punch can erase weeks of upside. you know, the NASDAQ pretty much we did close July uh red, which is surprising. And I say it's surprising because again, just because the other subsectors had really good Julies with big gains. You know, SMR in in an OKLO in uranium up 50% plus. Uh but as I was saying in these videos, nobody's getting rich over the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500 the last few weeks. It's just this grind up. So, do the bears confirm the daily downtrend? Again, this is the the best chance that the bears have for a daily lower high in the last like three months. So, do we confirm the daily downtrend? If we do, we'll zoom out. We'll look to our weekly support. Again, this is the next support level I care about. NASDAQ, how far down to get there? S&amp;P 500's like 4.7. NASDAQ needs 5.7. So again, one time frame at a time. I will be looking for weekly higher lows, although it depends. When I get back in two weeks, what does the market look like? I have no idea. So obviously, I'm not going to be doing much planning until I get back. But daily time frame. So semiconductors finally start a weekly consolidation, and I'm going to be watching for a weekly higher low. We have the most space here compared to anything else. Same thing. Do we confirm the daily downtrend? We had a fast hard drop. In the video last week, I said, "If you forced me to short something, it's going to be the semiconductors." It would have worked out, but not in the way that was ideal. The ideal way would have been the daily lower high. I was scouting a daily lower high to start this previous week, and we didn't get it. We got one more push up. NVDA got one more new push up to all-time highs. Uh, so it wasn't the ideal way to form a top, but when we did top, it was fast and hard. Do we confirm the daily downtrend? If we don't, it's a weekly bull flag. If we do, we get another leg down, obviously. So, all that said, we haven't started the bounce yet. What if we're red on Monday? Then we say, okay, we have to wait till we find the support, start the bounce, and then that's where we say, okay, do we set the lower high and lower low from there? So, I'm watching semiconductors and NASDAQ and S&amp;P 500 closely this coming week. The financial sector broke a key support. So the weekly uptrend has been lost here. Not many major sectors can say that. But now we can say that on XLF and XLV. And so again, zoom out. Monthly consolidation is underway. And we know we're looking for a monthly higher low because we have a ton of space for it. So anything above we got 18% to form a monthly higher low in the financial sector. Same thing. The bears do still need to confirm a daily downtrend. There is a lot more space for a daily lower high to be the result of the next bounce and the next levels I'm looking at. I'm watching this gap fill and then down to that low. So definitely seeing things shift this past week. Healthcare, we had this tightening range where it was an equilibrium. We had our low high double top double bottom failed resistance and then broke support. Not a ton of follow-through at this point, but the bears have been in control of the financial or the healthc care sector more so than any other major sector. This weekly uptrend confirming with zero follow-through was a red flag. And we're now looking back down at the lows. And again, remember from our longerterm pattern videos to end 2024 and start 2025, we were looking for yearly consolidation in healthcare. We now have it and we're looking for trying to adjust here. Um we're looking for let's take off log further yearly consolidation here. I'm watching monthly. We're in a monthly downtrend. We're close to seeing monthly EMA 12 and 26 cross bare for the first time in like 17 years. So, I wouldn't be surprised at all for healthcare to see another leg down for further yearly consolidation because again, you know, if you're looking bearish, healthcare is one of the the best spots to be looking and has been because the bears have been proving their control there. UNH can't find support to save its life. Uh, back down on the earnings reaction, breaking to lower lows under 247, lowest levels in very long times. There's other names that are uh dumping as well. Sigma testing these lows. Again, if that breaks, we're getting to the lowest levels in over a year and a half. So, healthcare clearly the lead bear. The big question was when semis top, do we rotate into healthcare and other places? And the answer this past week was no. The biotech sector is holding on surprisingly well considering healthc care's weakness. We broke support this past week, but we closed above it. So, if there is a recovery, I am keeping an eye on the biotech sector. I'm certainly not looking to be aggressive as a bull, but uh this is one place where I am keeping an eye out for the potential of bull trades eventually. But I don't want to play long into support in the current setup. If we still see proven strength, XBI divided by SPY. So, if this breaks bull, we're just tightening up here for months. If this breaks bull, it'll be the strongest this sector has been compared to the S&amp;P 500 in multiple months. And if we look at XBI divided by XLV Healthcare, we can see it's the strongest it's been. You know, it's been going up for a few months here as well. So, just something I'm sticking off to the side and saying, okay, you know, this is a place to keep an eye out for longs potentially later on when I'm more comfortable that the broader market has found a longer term higher low. So, onto the sub sectors. Again, great months overall, but topping out. CCJ has a bunch of tops at 80s. You can see we just this is the all-time high and we just rejected rejected rejected tons of rejections. Rolled over hard and fast. So we zoom out. Weekly support is 6932. Again we'll look for monthly higher lows. I I made a statement in our uranium chat room uh after I stopped out on my final SMR runner which was a really nice swing from these Cardinals outside are going crazy. Swing from 50. you know, 36 and stopped out my last runner in the 46s. Sold some upper 40s. Um, but I again, you know, I just I have to lay out the criteria of what I need for the trade to come to me. And that's every single trade, day trade, whatever it is. And a superpower as a trader is when you is when you're able to keep that criteria, stay picky, and the trade either comes to you exactly as you want it or you don't take it and you go find another trade. And I watch trades come and go all the time because it doesn't show up exactly as I want it. And for a name like for anything in uranium at this point, I need monthly consolidation if I'm going to be comfortable. Could we set weekly higher lows and keep going? Sure, that's possible. But again, if I want the riskreward setup that I'm looking for, I want to see a monthly higher low for my next entry. And so SMR OKLO OKLO had a great month. I need monthly higher lows. I don't like the current potential rising wedge type of setup. Again, a rising wedge at all-time highs has less probability than in many other situations, but still got to be keeping an eye out for potential shifts in the monthly consolidation. And so that's a little bit of a different setup. I'm okay with a weekly higher low in semiconductors, but I'm being more picky. I want a monthly higher low in uranium quantum name. So I NQ is the sector leader. We double topped on the weekly. Key support is approaching 3593, but we got the most likely scenario, which is a monthly tightening range. We've got the monster surge, a monster pullback. Lower high is now officially set, and we're going to scout a monthly higher low with lots of space for it. Anything above 1788, and we're going to anticipate that this is likely going to keep tightening up potentially for the rest of the year. Uh bears would need a solid leg down into the 20s to be really confident that we're going to tighten up for the rest of the year, but I'm keeping an eye out at monthly EMA 12 if we get there. We've got earnings coming up next week. So, we'll have to keep an eye on that. Again, just a clear shift. This was a tightening daily equilibrium and then the first confirmed bare break there was 4121 4129. A nice follow-through, you know, almost 10% there in a few days. And looking at other names, the question is, are they going to now follow RGTI? Again, got to switch between log. I like when there's more space. Low, high, higher low. Is this a lower high? The B the bears have more proving to do, but again, wouldn't be surprised. I've been saying this all year. Wouldn't be surprised for the monthly tightening range to be the most likely scenario. QBT, another one. Also, monthly lower high is officially set because we know that when you get wide volatility in both directions, you scout the equilibrium. QBTS is the one that did the less likely scenario and did get to those higher highs. Same thing though, if I'm looking long here, weekly bull break, no follow through. It is a weekly EMA 12 rider, but I'm not going to be comfortable until it's a monthly higher low that I'm looking for an entry. So, this is this this is good for me to do this video because I haven't verbally laid out any game plans like this, but now I know uranium quantum. I will be scouting monthly higher lows, which means I can be patiently waiting for potentially months, but I will not be looking long in these names for anything more than quick short-term trades unless it's a monthly higher low. On to commodities. The dollar confirmed a weekly uptrend. Still struggling at weekly EMA 12 after a big red Friday. But the bulls are proving a shift. So we zoom out to the monthly. Is this a monthly bare flag? It's possible. It's on the table. But there's a ton of space for a monthly lower high as well. So we'll see what the bounce retracement is. If the dollar bulls are going to prove anything, they need a 50% plus bounce on the monthly retracement, I should say. So, a little shift underway. A lot more proving to be done. We know gold volatility is coming in August. How do I say that? I looked at my crystal ball. The best version of crystal balls in markets is equilibriums. Anticipating the tightening ranges and then they get so tight that you know they're going to break. And so, I know gold is likely to get volatile in August when this weekly equilibrium that is beautiful breaks. We headed down to support. We held it. Now we're approaching resistance again. We're grinding weekly EMA 12, which has been holding the entire year. So sometime in the next couple of weeks, we're going to break one way or the other, and that's going to give us some good information. Silver has been weaker. Silver weekly EMA 12 trying to hold. Same question here. We came straight from the high. We haven't confirmed a daily downtrend yet. So, do bears confirm the daily downtrend as the result of the next drop? Look at back here. Remember in April we had our high high for a while. We waterfall dropped. Sucker punch dropped. Once we hit that low, that was the low. Bears didn't confirm a daily downtrend. Obviously, they got tons of follow-through. We broke the daily uptrend, but we never got the lower high and lower low. And so, that's where you get the V-shaped recoveries. And that's a good example of a sucker punch. So, is that going to happen here? or do we confirm the daily downtrend showing us bears do now have control? And if that were to happen, we'd be then looking at the monthly. This is a great guide for me on silver. Monthly EMA 12 has been holding for a year and a half. When we lose that, things will be significantly shifting. If we're still holding it, we're in a solid longer term uptrend. The miners I haven't looked at in a while. They're holding on pretty well. Again, weekly EMA 122. Look at GDX. Just keep it simple. Nothing changes if weekly EMA 12 is support. We're still grinding it. Volatility is clearly coming here as well. When this tightening range breaks, oil, we know a weekly lower high is the most likely scenario because an equilibrium is the most likely scenario after you break out and retrace 50% plus. So, we're scouting a weekly lower high, anything under 7709. And the key support is 6319. And we'll look to tighten up within this range for a while. Energy has been interesting. Although it had a bare end of this past week, but this is a nice equilibrium. Wasn't the theme of last week's video equilibrium? I guess the theme of every video is equilibrium. Lower high. Here we are testing support. If we're green to start this coming week, we'll continue to tighten up. This will be a good one to be watching. Again, the places that had did see a little bit of strength this past week, utilities, we had that. Remember the cup and handle pattern unadjusted for the dividend. Weekly bull flag confirmed back test resistance as support. Set a daily higher low. Look at that perfection. So that's the all-time high at 8341. We break out. We back test. We know a daily higher low is the most likely scenario. It aligns with daily EMA 12. We held it to the penny. I love when people, you know, non-technical analysis people like, how do you deny that? It's like you're looking at physical scientific proof and it's just no. No, it's just it's just astrology for bros. Fine, I'll keep doing it. You don't have to. Hourly hourly back burner from all-time highs off daily EMA 12 off previous resistance as support. It's a confluence of signals. Again, this isn't a flashy name. You know, 2%'s a lot in utilities, but uh just a really nice example of a back test into continuation. Not much follow-through on the bull break, but we're in a daily uptrend, and that's going to be our guide from here. Uh natural gas, who cares? Crypto's been seeing some weakness with the broader market. Uh still psychedelics, ATI has been the lead bull. We had a bearish uh headline to start Monday, gap down. Bulls bought that dip aggressively. That's a great sign. New highs. Uh so daily EMA 12 rider. And again, this has been this this is a good part. This name is a good part for my really good July. Um and again, the way the way that I personally have things structured, a little bit more details, I've got the vast majority of my capital in my day trading account. That's the account that's been around since 2010, uh from my first start as a trader. And that's got probably like 75% of my capital in it. And it's cash the vast majority of the time. And so having rates four to 5% has been such a gamecher. I didn't know this was a thing because the vast majority of my career it wasn't a thing. Your cash is sitting there so you can use it. There's no benefit to it sitting there. Now you know I I open my account the first of the month and I forget. It's like where did where did all this cash come from? Oh yeah, interest payments. It's awesome. I can still day trade with the capital. It's still earning interest and uh it keeps me very liquid. You know, I can use the cash for whatever I want. real estate opportunity, whatever. Um, and so that's the majority of my capital. Then I got my IRA at probably 23% 22%. I started that maybe seven years ago once I reached a capital threshold where it made sense to start saving on taxes and using utilizing a SE IRA. And then I've got a third account which was a tax refund to the chart guys that we thought we didn't deserve. So I was like, is this a mistake? Said what should we do with this? And our accountant said, well, you can, you know, use it and keep it around though and in case they ever come asking for it back. And so we turned that into our cannabis account. And that went, you know, 500% during the 2017 cannabis boom. And now it's our high-risk account, cannabis and psychedelics. Uh, so that account had a really good July because of ATAI and its peers. Um and again my mindset with those names is at this point small loss fortunately because they've been going up or uh big hundreds of percent wins. So, we'll see if ATAI and again, it was an equilibrium monthly equilibrium for two years on ATI setting a long-term bottom and that broke bull. And so, now it's just a question of what kind of follow-through can we see and really liking how it's holding up in the face of broader market weakness. Generally speaking, when you get broader market weakness, high-risisk, high reward things are the first things to sell off and they sell off hard. So to be, you know, to have the highest, this is probably the highest close in three years or something on a day when the broader market dumped, that's meaningful to me. Uh so still going to keep an eye on this. Again, you know, if I wanted a position in these names at this point, well, that was a quick weekly higher low. Uh definitely got to be cautious. It's you can easily wake up to a 20% drop on news, uh which is why it's much smaller positions. All right, hope you're well. Do good things. Can bears confirm the daily downtrend. That's all I care about this coming week. Again, probably no market video next week, but I'll see you soon. I'll do check-ins on Twitter every now and again when I get a blip of service and we'll see how much pullback we get in the markets. Is this a sucker punch or do bears confirm the downtrend and confirm they have now gained some control? I hope you're well. Do good things. Let's have a good August. Sitting here getting ready for the charts. Look over to the left. Oh