============================================================
Video: BgTJRSL3UZA
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trader Lessons & Market Analysis 🔥
Date: 2025-09-13
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5994
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:52.712272
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. This past week had a lot of strength for the bulls. We've got euphoria out there. Everybody's showing their profits on Twitter and the FOMC is this coming week. Does that mean it's going to be a sell the news event? We'll talk a bit about what to expect where money has been rotating in terms of the sectors, the big moves in Tesla, Quantum, OQ, and of course the metals staying strong as well. Crypto heating up over this weekend. Lots to check in on as always. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders, as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. Couple free resources on our website to highlight. First, we've got our candlestick pattern cheat sheet. The links will be in the comments of the video. You click on them, get some information, bullish or bearish candle patterns. And then we've also got our chart patterns. Shout out to Toby putting this together. A whole bunch of them. Again, click them. information, some basic how do you trade them info worth checking out because it's free. So, broader market, we've got the S&amp;P 500 grinding up to all-time highs. And really, again, we know the hallmark of the bull market has been the rotation that's going on between our major sectors where most often we have the inverse relationship where you got the NASDAQ and the semiconductors on this side. You got the healthc care financial sector IWM on this side and they're doing inverse stuff the first 15 minutes of the morning QQQ SMH pop up XLF XLV are at the low of the day and then they go vice versa and then it shifts around a little bit. We had Thursday where all major sectors were going up together. That's when you get your strongest bull days and then of course when everything's dropping together you get your strongest bare days. That hasn't happened in a while and the the hallmark has been just this back and forth action. And so Thursday with everything going up, it was actually led by IWM and XLV. And then Friday swap out and it was semiconductors and the NASDAQ that were taking the lead. So that's all still been very healthy. The FOMC on Wednesday, right now the market is anticipating a 25 basis point cut. We'll see if we get it. Are we going to get a see if we get it. Are we going to get a see if we get it. Are we going to get a sell the news event? Well, the thing is right now, obviously, we've got two more full trading days before it happens, but the bulls are so comfortable that even if it's not a sell the news event, I mean, the S&amp;P 500 double bottomed at support and it's been nothing but up since then. And so, let's just say the FOMC is tomorrow, which it's not. But if it's a bearish reaction, you know, bare drop on the FOMC, we could drop 2% and set a daily higher low. So, we just have to keep in mind that the bulls are coming from a pretty comfortable position even if it is a drop. And again, you know, every time I say this, it seems silly because it's so simple. But we have not confirmed a daily downtrend on the S&amp;P 500 or the NASDAQ in something like five months. And that has what has been keeping me bullish. Granted, I took my pedal off the gas a little bit watching for the possibility of monthly consolidation. There's no sign of it right now after that double bottom support hold. Uh that was a a conviction defense from the bulls. Uh but there has been no indication to go bearish and I just keep want to pounding the table on that because again I keep saying I'm not going to nail the top and that's okay. I will wait for signs that show me something is shifting for the first time in five months. But I just keep seeing so many people that are trying to nail the top or saying that, you know, this has got to be it and we're about to roll over and things like that. And uh it's just predicting as opposed to looking at the information that is right in front of us and reacting to it. And that's a very important distinction to make in markets because as you know with my style, it's much more reacting than predicting. We're going to go over an OQ swing trade review. How I stock a trade here uh a bit later in the video. Not really related, but that just popped in my head to remind you. Uh the NASDAQ also broke bull. not as convincingly. Again, the double bottom hold is a nice confidence builder for the bulls. We had a low here, here, here, and here. That's the most important zone. Again, you know, right now the NASDAQ could pull back multiple percent and just set a daily higher low, 3% for a daily higher low even. And it's just a daily stair step. Eight days in a row, higher low on the futures chart every single day. and semiconductors were a bit weaker. They're they played a little bit of catch-up. We had what was it? AVGO earnings. No, it was Oracle earnings. OCL earnings. It's pulling back. We're going to scout a daily higher low there this coming week. But such a monster move that was a bit of fuel for semiconductors midweek this past week to get over this equilibrium resistance and get new all-time highs. And again, daily stairst step. Uh, aside from Friday, we did break support by seven pennies, but higher low every day, three, six, seven days in a row. Look how much we can pull back before that support. 5% for a daily high or low, 6%. So, bulls have space to work with. So, they're comfortable going into the FOMC knowing that even if it's a bearish reaction, we've got a good bit of space to form that daily higher low. And of course, if it's a bullish reaction, we're just going to keep ripping all-time highs. SPY, NASDAQ, SMH, all these things at all-time highs uh until proven otherwise. NVDA has been a little bit weaker. So, there's been some rotation going on in the semiconductor space. You look at something like MU, there's your rotation. Just straight up monster move. I mean, from this low to start September, we're up 37% and NVDA from that low on the 2nd, we are up 4%. Clear rotation. NVDA was the leader. It's now trading sideways, right? There's no red flags on this pullback. We bounced off weekly EMA 12. We're in the same range we've been in for the last five, six weeks, but it's the other names that are benefiting. AMD, not nearly as much, but uh AMD got its turn, right? Right? You look at AMD. This was its catch-up move back in June, July. And now MU is getting its catch-up move after it didn't do a whole lot for a few months. So rotation game well underway. And uh that's that's what we got. So I was looking for weakness in the NASDAQ and the semiconductors and they were relatively weaker than IWM, but that may be shifting. And so again, I look at something like IWM divided by QQQ. And we had this move up, which was part of me going long in an IWM swing position. That was great consolidation, no red flag. And then again, Thursday, all things look great. We're about to get another leg up for continued relative strength on IWM. But Friday did shift that. And so now I'm a little bit more cautious. And of course, the FOMC is going to be the dictator here. But, uh, IWM's a potential daily rising wedge. And so I'm just walking up my stop again. My initial entry going back to the videos a few weeks ago was here. Walk up my stop under there with a bit of wiggle room. Now I'm walking it up again under here with a bit of wiggle room because if that breaks, then that is the rising wedge potentially confirming. Keeping in mind that that just means we zoom out and we'll look for a weekly higher low. Anything above 212. Again, tons of space to form a weekly higher low. But I am going to be a little bit more protective with this position just because you know I didn't enter that long ago and I want to lock in some of that profit. Uh but you know we could always get a scenario where the FOMC reaction dips you know stops me out and then sees a V-shaped recovery. That's always on the table. But again with this position I'm going to be a little bit more protective of profits. I've got the other long positions that will benefit if that does happen. That's my game plan. And so again, the rotation, you look at XLF divided by or XLV divided by QQQ started with some rotation, hasn't been doing a whole lot recently. XLF divided by QQQ, same deal. We had a big rotation and then the semiconductors and the MAG 7 uh caught back up the big tech name. So again, it's just rotation. I thought that might be rotation bigger picture and it could still play out that way, you know, into November or whatever, but uh it's not as glaring. It's it's again, it's the back and forth action. And you look at a name like, you know, XBI, which I associate with IWM, small caps and stuff, and just look at the daily chart. Big green, red, green, red, big green, big red. It's just going nowhere. but you know bipolar one day to the next as that rotation and shifting is taking place. And so again just knowing that we've been in this bull move from the 2022 low for three years now. This is how the bull market has been happening. Which is why I so adamantly say pay attention when all major sectors are hitting the lows at the same time because that will be a glaring indication again not just one day you know when it starts to happen two times in a week that will be a glaring indication that money is leaving the market and we will then say this is different we haven't been seeing this uh and so I'm I'm keeping an eye out for that but obviously it hasn't been happening so again we are definitely in euphoria you go on Twitter you see everybody showing their accounts. You know, my accounts, IRA's all-time high, day trading's all-time high, combined accounts alltime highs. And that's been the case through the summer into now. And we constantly want to remind ourselves, remember fear? Remember what it's like to to wake up and you look at your phone and you don't know if the market's going to be up 2% or down 2%. And these days, you know, you wake up and I know where the market's going to be within 3% one way or the other. There's very little overnight volatility. The bulls are just keeping their control. And so we have to ensure that we don't get complacent, forget what a fear environment is like and then just, you know, take for granted that it's always going to be like this. And so that's a thought exercise and an emotion exercise that I go through to just remind myself. And then vice versa when we're in fear, just remember this will settle. You know, we'll get some kind of recovery. And so right now I'm in the reminding myself what fear feels like in the market. you know that that feeling in your stomach that for me it's a empathy kind of thing like where I feel the anxiety in the chat room and things like that. Uh and so I just reminded myself to ensure that I don't get complacent but bullish until proven otherwise. XLV got a bull break again. Same thing, just the shifting. Solid green day Tuesday, big red day Wednesday, big green day Thursday, big red day uh Friday. And so XLV hit the highest level that we've seen here. We got up to oh, highest level in four and a half months. And so again, it's just riding daily EMA 12. Uh no red flags as long as the daily higher lows keep going. And it's these incremental little higher lows that were forming. And while that's been going on, UNH had a great week. Uh, you know, news. This was a key hold. Again, just like the broader market, that double bottom at support when it looked like we're about to roll over into monthly consolidation. You double bottom and you recover and it's nope, bulls are fine. Same thing here for UNH. Bearish article, dip down, double bottom. Bears don't get anywhere on that bearish article and then we just trade sideways in a bull flag and then a big leg up on uh you know fundamental news highlighting adjustments of EPS, whatever they were doing. I don't care, but it's a bullish pattern that confirmed and we got over into the gap fill and the gap fills at 37418 and it's a daily stairstep. Looks like consolidation's coming. We're going to watch for hourly oversold to mark a daily higher low and we're going to see if we can get that gap filled at 374 for continued upside. But uh nice move up and definitely a leader. We got dividends coming up. Leader in healthcare this past week. Financial sector uh again back and forth. It looked like we were about to confirm a daily downtrend, but if you can't break support lower high we come down. That low was 52.84. We held it by nine pennies and then big bull day on Thursday. And so that all-time high is still in play. We're chopping around. Bulls are fine with sideways as long as you know this is now the range that I care about. We've got our support and resistance zones and we'll see which one breaks first, but sideways is fine. And as I mentioned, IWM potential rising wedge. just every bull break goes right into consolidation which I don't love. So we'll see. So Tesla had a huge day, huge two days, monster move, monster volume. And again, remember our uh signal which is MVS morning volume surge. This was just something that I observed and then we made an indicator about it on our website. You can find it. But um we've got that MVS indicator which tells us, hey, there's unusual volume here. Morning volume surge. When it's not the the very common pattern very often, most often is the first five minute of the candle has the most volume on the day. When that doesn't happen, when something else happens, it tells you this is unusual and the direction that it happens in you look for continuation that day. And so Tesla got it Thursday and again you know late in the sense that it was an hour well it was 40 minutes into the trading day and already 2% off the low of the day but from that point forward we end up going another you know $12 higher and then it happens again on Friday again late that signal is after we're up significantly but to me that means when that happens it means don't look short and look for continuation if I'm waiting for a fiveminute higher low or a 15-minute higher low. And look at this five-minute pullback on Tesla Friday morning. Again, same thing as the NASDAQ daily chart when it held that double bottom of support and UNH daily chart. This is the five minute big pullback clear. That's our support. We bounce off of it. Five minute higher low. If you do not break that level, we're going to keep going up. And so bulls defend it by pennies. And that was that was the the turning point for the day. You know, obviously the bulls win the morning in a big way. If we break that support, we're going to go into potentially hourly consolidation into the midday. And so, as soon as you hold that and then head back up towards resistance, there's the indication that if we don't break that low, it's going to be a trending day. And so, congrats to the Tesla bulls. I was day trading it. Definitely left a bunch of money on the table with my day trades. Um, but it was a good week overall. And Friday I was distracted with OQ. We'll show you why in just a moment. But uh this was a a nice clean breakout. I was watching this 4hour resistance and Thursday broke it bull and then Friday obviously the monster followth through but we were watching this pattern. And so now what? Well, we're at highs of the year. We're getting up there. Not there officially. There's a gap to fill at 40134. Of course, 400 psychological. We're on back burner watch. We're going to watch for fiveminute oversold to mark an hourly higher low. We're going to watch for hourly oversold to try and mark a daily higher low. Again, UNH is on some back burner watch. OCL, we're looking for that daily higher low. So, all these strong names. Again, the way that I make my gains in bull markets is buying the shorterterm oversold conditions to look for the longer term higher lows. CRCL, I played this day trade bounce here. is another mistake I made. Uh, nope, not CRCL, CRWV. Uh, just getting to extremes and getting to hourly oversold after a big daily bull move. And you know, the theme here is I missed that move. Great. I'm okay missing that move. That's bulls proving to me I should pay attention. And then you look for the higher low. Nailed the bottom uh on a one minute bare flag with no follow-through, but I was out in the yard and distracted. And so I took my profit too quickly in the 107s. Should have left a runner for a swing position with the mindset of that's the daily higher low or I'm wrong. Stop under 104 risk-f free and we're either going to confirm this daily uptrend and set a longerterm monthly higher low into October or not. And so that's just an example of uh being in a day trader mindset. But what I've been trying to do more the last few years and it's been going well is combining the two. All right, there's the day trade to position, but set it aside for the swing. And so that's what I did with IO and NQ. And with ONQ, monthly cup and handle confirmed. And this is going to be a bit of a step by step showing uh how this trade progressed because I was watching Quantum potentially bearish. My mindset was, you know, there's there's relative weakness in Quantum in mid August and if the NASDAQ shows signs of weakness, I'm going to focus on quantum short. If the NASDAQ doesn't show weakness, the bears aren't going to get anywhere in quantum. And then I'm talkingQ, RGTI, QBTS. And so this was a big tell for me. Look at this base of support. This is the base. We're just trading sideways for months. We break it and we go nowhere. We go we pop right back above it. That's in Lamont's words, that's lack of acceptance under that level. So I had a I'm keeping an eye out bearish. And then as soon as that happens, okay, I'm keeping an eye out bullish now. Why? Because a monthly high or low is the most likely scenario. And if that's it, if we don't get any follow-through, this is a monthly cup and handle. You've got the all-time high, you consolidate significantly, you fail the all-time high, you bull flag, and then you look for the breakout. And so, we knew it was a potential monthly cup and handle. I miss this bounce. So again, I am okay missing the first move on a reversal. I missed 26% off the lows, but this was bulls telling me, hey, bears can't get anywhere, and this is now plenty of space to scout a daily higher low. And so step by step. So, okay, I missed the bounce. August 27th is right here. I'm keeping an eye for an eventual O andQ daily higher low entry for the possible monthly cup and handle. So I recognize the longerterm time frame, the monthly setup. I zoom into the daily, say, okay, I missed this move. It's a stairst step move up, but I'm going to be patient. I know we have to confirm a daily uptrend eventually. I'm going to look to enter that daily higher low. And I've given this kind of trade review when I talked about my my my Microsoft uh entry off the 2022 lows. It was the same thing. I missed the big bull move. I got the daily higher low and then it trended higher for a couple of years. And so this one I missed the ideal entry many times. Uh we were watching this 4hour sideways range and support kept holding. And it's because I was just distracted watching other things, you know, on this Tuesday, whenever it was this big drop where we tested support. The entire market was dropping hard. That's when we had the double bottom on the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500. So I'm watching the whole market. I'm watching other things. But obviously, you know, playing off this support is a great riskreward entry. You're entering under 41. Your stop goes under 40. And there were multiple chances. I missed it here. I missed it here. And I missed it here. And and every time I'd look back and go, "Ah, I should have grabbed that one. That was a nice hourly oversold bounce. I could have positioned a swing trade to be risk- free." So, I didn't give up. I didn't get frustrated. I just said, "All right, I've missed my ideal entries, but I'm still watching this thing. and maybe I just get an entry into bull momentum. And so I then posted on Twitter about the monthly cup and handle end of August. Make sure you're following us there. And then in the chat room I posted uh oh gez in the p in the chat room I posted my entry plan here where it was a day trade because I was a bit late. So this was on Tuesday and the bull move had gotten going there and again uh morning volume surge was a part of this. Maybe not on Tuesday specifically but it happened certainly on Thursday. So again the highest volume look at that bull move up. Highest volume is not the first candle Friday ramp up second candle higher than the first morning volume surge. uh but Tuesday. So my entry is a bit late. So we we see So my entry is a bit late. So we we see So my entry is a bit late. So we we see the bull move up. We got this equilibrium and we broke bull to a new high of the day. So I'm then in day trading and I say it's a day trade because I'm not comfortable swinging with an entry in the the mid 42s. So IQ is still nice and tight and sideways. The event is Friday. Here's another point. Uh, I'm a technical trader, but I am aware of fundamentals. And shout out to Donna in our chat room who's been following Quantum the whole time and kept highlighting there's an event Friday. And so the trade thesis is looking for a runup into the event Friday. I don't know if we're going to pop bull or, you know, sell off on the event Friday, but I know that there's anticipation of the event. And so if this daily range breaks bull, you know, that's a nice little short-term dangling carrot to help the bulls uh with that momentum from a fundamental perspective. So I've got the technicals aligning with the potential fundamental catalyst. And all that does is just increase my conviction a bit that we're going to break bull. And so I'm trying to position today with day trading because I'm a bit late and I had a 4240 average. And that's again, you know, my What does that mean? Excuse me. For me, that means I'm grabbing a larger day trade size position and then I'll sell partial pretty quick. So 4240 average for me means I probably, you know, bought at 4250 or 60 and then we pop up into the upper 42s and then I trim some and then I say, "All right, you know, I'm trying to make a swing position. That's, you know, I'll stick my stop at break even and see how it plays out." And fortunately, I didn't stop out and we closed real strong. Got a little bit of follow through Wednesday, Thursday. Okay, here we go. That's the breakout Friday. What in the world? 20% almost on the first 30 minutes. Just a monster. Just okay, this is what a cup and handle should look like. Uh so just affirming good to go. And so I I trimmed my target was all-time highs. And the speed at which we got there, you know, I expected to get to alltime highs in a couple of weeks ideally. And we got there in like three or four days. So I trimmed some, you know, 20% at 51s, 20% in 53s, 10% in 55s. And now I'm down to a half position. You know, my break evens like 32 or something. And so now I'm just going to let this trade play out until the bears tell me to get out of my remaining position. What does that look like? Maybe just losing the daily higher lows. Maybe I add back on an hourly back burner for a daily higher low. You know, what's my target? I have no idea. We could go to 65. We could go to 85. I have no idea. Uh, so I just let day by day the price action dictate things and I'll just move up my stop with maybe the next daily high or low depending on what things look like, depending on what the broader market is doing. But all that said, uh, just an example of missing the ideal entry multiple times, but not giving up on the trade. Uh, waiting for a big bull move to tell me to scout the higher low, using the longer term time frame to identify a pattern. Go to our website, check that out. resource free resource out uh but just a nice culmination of things that make up trading what it is. All right, crypto is strong this weekend. This is the first time in a while that cryptos come to life over the weekend and uh this past week was watching Ethereum. You know, I highlighted a couple plays BMR and Ethereum because Ethereum was just trading sideways after a monster breakout. you know, this it doesn't look picture perfect like a bull flag to my eye on like, you know, a day like like this is a much more classic bull flag to me because you got this peak and then this peak. It's it's a little bit less classic, whatever that means, but uh you know, I wouldn't put it in a textbook, but it's the characteristics. It's bears lacking follow-through. It's bulls building a base of support. This isn't Ethereum, but same deal. And Bitcoin had a stubborn short-term resistance here that broke bull a day before. And so that to me instantly increases probabilities that Ethereum is going to follow and break short-term resistance as well. It had this wall and so uh it broke bull and we're looking at all-time highs back in the conversation. And so that means ETHA, the ETF is a potential bull flag. Looking back at all-time highs, BMNR, we were looking for this to be a weekly equilibrium for the last month plus. It's playing out real nice. Again, you know, when I'm looking for an equilibrium, I don't know where the higher lows and lower highs are going to form. I know they're likely, you know, on this pullback. The whole time I'm saying bears are in complete control, but we are likely to form a weekly higher low compared to $30. That's the most likely scenario. So, I don't know if it's going to be at 41 or 36, but I if it's going to be at 41 or 36, but I if it's going to be at 41 or 36, but I know to be watching for the signs that the weekly higher low is going to be set. And now on this move, if we do not break 7174, we're going to keep tightening up. And then this will be a great pattern to watch into October or who knows uh for when it breaks. And so, the reversal was a little bit tricky. You know, it was a bare flag to confirm, but not much followthrough. These lower wicks show some demand right around 40. Uh but there wasn't really a very convincing bull day until Friday of course. Um but daily stair step now higher low every day for five days and let's let's see how this one continues to play out. It's been great volatility both directions and this is that Tom Lee company which is the ETH Treasury Riot. The crypto stocks were were strong all week and that was an indication, you know, a little clue for the altcoins to be strong on the weekend. But, you know, Riot had a little cup and handle type of pattern. Break bull. Anyways, commodities, dollar, anything changing from what we've been watching for six weeks. I've been saying the same thing. No. Weekly EMA 12 is resistance. Great. Analysis done. Gold strong. Daily chart bit sideways. EMAs catching up after you break out. Sideways is perfectly welcome. Look at this. Sideways. We just did sideways for months after a monster breakout. Perfectly welcomed by the bulls rather than retracing. And so we're consolidating sideways now on the 4 hour. If we break bare, we'll look for back burners. Again, we're just in blue sky. We're watching 4,000 psychological. And it's the same thing that we've been saying the entire year. It's so simple. If weekly EMA 12 is support, the bulls have full control. Nothing is changing. When we lose this EMA, things will be changing. But it's not at risk. Silver big move up. I was watching this potential again, not acting on it, but I, you know, silver makes up 10% of my IRA and so I'm definitely paying attention. Is there any red flag? Okay, if there's going to be a red flag, this is what it would look like. Bull break, nope. Remove it from your chart. So again, I'm not acting on it, but I'm just being aware of it. So we chopped around sideways for a bit here before another leg up. Again, silver's in many year highs, 14 year highs or whatever. And we're just looking back at limited resistance. Really, it's 44s, 49s, and then all-time highs. So silver's looking great. The miners have been on absolute fire. I definitely missed the minor move. My mindset, as I mentioned, was, you know, I got plenty of silver. Do I want to increase the aggressiveness and add miners to this? I've done it a couple times this year, but uh didn't do it this time around. Obviously, in hindsight, that would have been an awesome move. The the leveraged ETFs here, NUGT from this, doesn't that look like Ethereum? Just that sideways weekly grind. But uh the bull break here at 82 very quickly going up to 130. So what's that? A lot 60% or something. Monster move. Lots of gains for bulls in lots of places. Oil. So still chopping around. We still have a weekly downtrend. Bears haven't followed through significantly with it. You know, we're trying to defend this support zone. We'll call it 61s. So 61 support zone trying to hold. Not much going on here. Natural gas trying to put in a double bottom. Decent move. Got to prove it though. Look at the weekly. You know, the weekly is not doing much yet. So now we need go to the two-day time frame. We need the two-day trend change. When's the last time the bulls have confirmed a two-day uptrend? It's been months. So, have to confirm a two-day uptrend if we're going to have any confidence that that double bottom can hold. I think that's it. Cannabis still real weak. No announcement for rescheduling. So, we're going to stay in a daily downtrend for a while in my opinion until things shift there. But overall, lots of strength in lots of places. Euphoric market, all-time highs, not trying to nail any tops. I do still have a little SQQ position from when I was traveling in August. Uh, and I haven't ditched it. And the reason is, you know, it's just it's slowing my IRA's ascent a bit. But, you know, for example, I didn't want to ditch it here as we're grinding these these highs. Not a convincing break on Wednesday. Um, the reason I haven't ditched it is because, for example, when I grab NQ and it goes up 25% in a few days, that's more than offsetting this SQ position. So, a week ago, I didn't have OQ long in the IRA. And so, as soon as I grab that position, I'm now even more longer leaning. The the hedge protection is even less meaningful. And so, uh, it it really is not a sizable position. I don't, you know, I'd prefer if it wasn't in my account from that double bottom, but, uh, I'm I'm not in a rush to ditch it. I uh, I'm I'm not in a rush to ditch it. I uh, I'm I'm not in a rush to ditch it. I probably will hold it into the FOMC. Uh, and then I'll ditch it on a daily higher low maybe, or see what next consolidation looks like. But, uh, it's the kind of thing where, you know, I don't see a clear spot where I'm comfortable exiting it, but I do see clear spots where I'm comfortable grabbing some more longs. Not in a ton of places, but, uh, that to me was essentially the same thing. But that's where we stand. Hope things are going well. Waiting for the bears to prove something, which they have been unable to do since the tariff fear lows. One day at a time FOMC reaction. Remember, Wednesday afternoon is not it for the reaction. Thursday and Friday definitely meaningful as well to see what things do. I'm I'm definitely going to be watching the shift around our major sectors. I hope you're well. Do good things. See you soon. Trying to trade turkey on the roof.