============================================================
Video: Bu0uq1vDemQ
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Are Buyers Bailing?
Date: 2025-09-28
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 11319
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:08:16.262274
============================================================

seller snap day 3-week rally despite second quarter GDP being revised higher and uh PCE coming in pretty much in line with expectations. So is this healthy profit taking heading into some uncertainty or is this the beginning of the end? My name is Leamant full-time trader part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video we'll go over all that and more. So let's get into it. All right. So, starting off with um SPY, I guess we should talk about, you know, the uncertainty. So, like I said, second quarter GDP, it came in fine and um rather it was revised higher and uh PCE came in, you know, in line with expectations, but there's the potential of a government shutdown next week and earning season is like right around the corner. So considering all the strength that's that the market has seen heading into all these uncertain events, particularly the government shutdown right now, it kind of looks like there's not even any efforts to to try to stop it. So that would be problematic for you know a few things. Obviously the government's not functioning then uh you know companies will have a hard time um operating in the same capacity which is really what the market cares about, right? Um and we also won't get economic data right because we next week next the end of next week I believe uh Thursday or Friday is um it's supposed to be non-farm payrolls right so the market has carried a lot or at least there's been a lot of attention on jobs data recently and so if there is a government shutdown then we will not get that report additionally it's not just us the Fed also won't get that report so then now the Fed has a harder time setting its monetary policy which then you know um just is more uncertainty right so we have government shutdown no potentially no data and then also earning season is like mid-occtober right it's it's it's already ramping up right now so um I think very likely just some de-risking heading into all these um you know uncertain events and is it the beginning of the end obviously we never know but what we can do as always is just look at our references. So, at least as of right now, there's not really any meaningful damage yet on the daily time frame. So, we were watching this local daily demand zone and yes, we are traded back within it. And you'll notice that Friday's close was pretty much right on the breakout point, right? This is the high that these buyers wanted to hold back test of in order to maintain full control of the daily trend and they failed to do so. So, um, that being said, um, that being said, uh, bigger picture, even if the sellers were to set a daily lower high here, right? Because we do have space for a lower high under the all-time high resistance 66734. If we do set a lower high here and lower low, I really care about this guy, right? there. This is a lot more um balance here than there was in these like four or five sessions. This is like a few weeks really a couple months of balance over here. And the breakout point is 65221. And even if we were to take out that level, I think if we can kind of hold over this guy where the most amount of value was established towards the upper end of this balance, I think that would be pretty constructive as well bigger picture because you know again if we just zoom out, right, we're monthly time frame has been on a tear. The weekly time frame technically has space for a higher low as well over 63492. Could just see another shallow retracement. You know, it's anybody's guess. But on the monthly time frame, again, I really wouldn't be surprised if we were to see some retracement and like bigger picture. If we were to get weekly oversold conditions to this prior high, I think that would probably set up a buying opportunity for for bigger picture. So whether or not this is the beginning of the end, it's not even really close to showing us any signs of that right now. But even if it were to begin some more heavy selling, I I think I think bigger picture that would still set up a buying opportunity here, just like this situation over here set up a buying opportunity against this prior all-time high. It's not quite exactly the same because this this was much more advanced over this breakout than this has been over this breakout, but it's a very similar concept, right? this major breakout from this prior all-time high, this 2025 high from earlier in the year um needs not it needs to be back tested, but the market should want to back test it, right? We it's like climbing a mountain, you know, like when you climb a mountain or like crossing a river, like jumping on rocks or whatever, you're not going to commit to a jump, right? I just I just thought of my buddy fell into the river and the PTOIC um not really checking anyway. But um but um you know, you're not going to fully commit to this unless you're gray. You're not going to fully commit to a jump unless you know right that one you can make that jump and that if you do make that jump that you know it's not going to be like a slippery rock or unstable rock. Um that's a funny day. Sorry. Just trying. Um anyway, so that's what I'm thinking. Especially if we were to get weekly oversold conditions just like this over here was like we barely kissed weekly oversold conditions. And I'm sorry, we actually got quite down into weekly oversold conditions while we were testing this prior high. We would have that here, too. If we were to just like drill down, let's say we get a government shutdown and we get bad earnings, drill down, I think that would probably create at least a bounce opportunity. Whether or not it sticks, you know, who knows, right? But the the idea is there's I'm much more confident in saying that there would be a relief bounce in this area if we get weekly oversold conditions uh compared to saying that weekly bounce going to lead into new all-time highs that I mean eventually over time it should but um you know whether that initial bounce leads to new highs that much I have like next to no confidence. I have no idea. Right. But if we get extension into this area, just like, you know, every single time we get extension into a prior high like this guy, um, typically you'll get some kind of relief bounce, right? And that should be enough for us to position off of. Just like, you know, we were ready to buy here, at least in our community. I don't know how much we spoke about it in these video. I believe we did speak about it in these videos as well. We were ready to buy here in weekly oversell conditions on this back test. We had no idea that it was going to lead to new highs. But this bounce out of this area, that part was like pretty pretty reasonable. We had reasonable, you know, uh high confidence for that. Okay. Um you know, it's kind of like I don't know, like you can have high confidence that you're going to land a punch on somebody, but zero confidence that you know, it's going to stun them, let alone knock them out, right? So that's really it um for the spy bigger picture at least. So, in the short term, again, we're looking for this potential lower high under the all-time high resistance 667.34 if sellers can set that set a daily lower low. That would be the first time that that's happened, a lower high and a lower low in a long time since back here. And this is really just a little dinky lower high, lower low. Um, but it would still be notable. And again, primarily we care about here in the intermediate. And then, uh, bigger picture, we care about the uh 61323 level. Okay, moving on to the Q's here. So the Q's actually has a lot more space for a potential lower high uh under 602.87. But at the same time, it also did a better job of playing defense against this local daily demand. I should also mention one thing. Um the low of this session, Friday session, was actually a miss of the value area low of this local daily demand. It's a notable failure. It's not a lot to go on right now, but we did close strong on Friday as well. So if we see acceptance back over 66178 next week after that failure, it would be very notable and and honestly it would be a pretty good look for these buyers. I mentioned that because in the cues it's very similar the Q's over here except it's it's a little bit better. They fa the sellers failed to touch down on the point of control of this local daily demand. It's it was so close and they failed to to get there. And so actually this breakout continues to be affirmed, right? Because they're still holding over 59286. So Q's actually look fine. uh even better compared to the um ES and the SPY. All right, but still have to be mindful potential lower high. And if we lower high and lower low, I'm thinking this guy becomes super key. 58332. If we just chop around up here, holding over 58332, that's really not a big deal. That's just like this chopping around over here, holding over this guy, right? So this breakout over this, I'll just steal this guy over here. This breakout was back tested here. it was affirmed on this hold, right? And then we just balance over it, it's not not a problem. So, if we see this kind of situation shake out again over here, market's not going to be too worried about that. Or rather, we shouldn't be too worried about that. Market's not worried about anything. Markets are just markets. Um, all right. So, moving on to the rut. The rut is showing us some relative weakness, right? It's a another bit of a heartbreak uh breakout here. Heart breakout. Um, just like my heart is pretty, you know, potentially. Um, I just that's a that's a cholesterol joke. Um, yeah, this breakout right now, I'm not seeing any uh follow through and not the first time, right? This happens a lot. This breakout itself was actually a long-term breakout over this prior high and it didn't see a follow through. uh the IWM just kind of has, you know, just that's in its character. It has a propensity to just kind of chop around and balance for long periods of time, much more so than the ES, the ENQ, even the Dow because it's just so many so many different pieces 2,000 assets more or less. And also, it's um you know, the smaller caps, the weaker ones, they carry more debt, they have less profitability, etc. So, typically harder for these uh for this index to see follow-through. Um yeah, so that being said, as of right now, technically they did get back over this daily no change level 2493. So this breakout over this high over here is being affirmed and this level is also the same as the point of control of the prior all-time high structure. So as long as we're holding over 240.88, then we're affirming this guy's demand. And affirming this guy's demand keeps these buyers position well for new highs. So not bad. Um all things considered again lots of space for a lower high and you are looking up at this daily overhead supply. Everybody is right. ES spy has this five days or so of supply. Q has about four or five days of supply. The rut same deal has a bunch of supply overhead. So wouldn't be terribly surprising to reject from the supply and then if we reject from the supply and then take out this demand the sellers are now in control of the daily trend which that hasn't happened in a long time. We haven't created overhead supply and taken out demand since back here. And even back here, you know, this is like arguable, right? like is this separate from this structure? You know, it's not very clear and then the breakdown through this demand zone, you know, nothing really happened. You just get caught up at this area and then you advance again. So, you know, it's been a long time since you've had a really clear supply zone above a prior demand zone. Like, I would not I would not say it's very reasonable to consider this one area sideways like this guy over here. Um, I would not say that's uh I don't know why whenever I start talking to the camera, my cat starts um being a rascal. I don't know what he's doing down there. Um, I would not consider this one structure, you know. I would say this is balance. This is balance, you know. So, it's been a long time since we've had a very clear area of supply and then take out a very clear area of demand lower. should I should stop him, but I don't want to edit the video. All right, so that's pretty much it uh for the rut here. So, if we lower high and lower low, I'm thinking it's right back to eye on this guy, right? Because well, this guy is really the last area where there was any meaningful demand. Like this is probably what, like 8 days of sideways. This is like four to five. This is like four to five. So, a lot more value was established here. And it's kind of the gateway into all of this down here, right? This much bigger chunk over here. So, we we'll see. We'll take it one day at a time. Um, and honestly, this is like a lot more balanced, right? And I think this guy over here was a good amount of supply. It took a long time for these buyers to overcome it. So, I think if we really see some hot and heavy selling, even even this I don't really care as much about. I think if we hold over this again, considering how IWM balances for like a lot, doing something like this over this chunk, I think would be fine. Right? Just like these, this is a pretty large area of balance. This is a pretty large area of balance. These are very small. You know, the again, the IWM tends to have these large areas of balance. So, I would not be surprised if we were to do something like that. And that would still keep these buyers like pretty much stones away from the all-time high supply. And I think all bigger picture that would be, you know, more or less okay. Again, you zoom out and it's like there's tons of space for a weekly higher low. Well, not tons of space if you consider this the weekly higher low, but I'm just looking at this as one move up. If you look at it like that, then this is the structure that I'm talking about that we should care about. It's really this guy, but this is the local structure. And the monthly time frame has tons of space for a higher low as well. So that's it. Moving on to the Dow. Uh, all right. So the D Oh, right. Trades. No, none of those entered. The ESNQ. We were more conservative with it because I'm just thinking I think the odds of us seeing some, you know, deeper retracement pretty good. Um, but for the Dow, we set this guy up. It was pretty clear. Just, um, you know, back tested this local area of daily demand. If we lower high here and don't get to the target, you know, that would be unfortunate. But if you considering how much acceptance we've found in this demand so in this supply so far, uh looking for a rotation to the other side of it should be pretty reasonable. I think it's, you know, if you're if you've entered off of the highs of this trade zone, I would pull those lower orders and then just chop it up, leave your stop under here. If we lower low, stop out and reset, look for extension playing off of this guy again. I think that would be fine. Um, and that's a potential ad, too, right? So, like if you're in from here originally and this is just an ad, you know, no reason to give back on on an ad. I don't I don't like doing that personally at least. Like I'd rather just be more conservative with the ad and protect any um profits that, you know, we we already have. So, um that's pretty much it. And then if you're still walking a runner from here, no later than here, I would say you should probably look to just get out of this uh any initiations from this trade zone here. All right. So, space for a lower high as well under the all-time high resistance 467. If we were to lower high and lower low, this is very clearly the most important local daily demand zone that we should be caring about. It's a lot of balance. And then, you know, again, if you zoom out, this is a lot more balance here, right? Like you can see how we have like um this is kind of like one structure here. This is some supply over this guy. You break down, but you just come back and back test this larger area and then it's it's pretty much all good. Um I think you know this and this structure very similar. So we might just be looking at something like that again. And so if we were a lower low here and not really find acceptance back under 45215 and there's not really a lot of volume there. So you know I would just look at it as this structure a lot more volume around 448. Um bigger you know bigger picture again if we balance like this that's fine you know like it's I think it can be easy to kind of lose sight of how the market you know balances and trends right especially if the market's been trending really hard for a long time but that is its nature. Its nature is to balance and trend. In fact, it balances far more often than it trends because that's that's what a market wants to do. A market wants to find balance. It doesn't, you know, it doesn't want to be erratic, right? Because the whole point of the market is to distribute goods effectively. In order to do that, it needs to find a fair price to do business. And if it's a finds a fair price to do business, then, you know, a lot of people think that's a fair price. If a lot of people think that's a fair price, then you end up having doing a lot of transactions there. If you do a lot of transactions there, well, well, then obviously that takes a lot of time, right? So yeah, um that's pretty much it for that. And then moving on to the dollar. So the dollar again, I I just, you know, just no no change in the dollar, right? As long as we're holding under this guy and over this guy. This is the structure that, you know, maintained all of these lows over here. And uh this is the next area of demand that's that these sellers need to get through in order to advance. And so it's very reasonable to just be doing responsive trade, right? in these I still stand by both these trade zones. This guy finally got to target made us wait forever. Um I would have a stop for any remaining position like over this high. No later than this high, right? So no later than oops no later than here would I would I leave a stop for any runner after if you sold in here and then took profit at the target or anywhere on the way down. Your stop should be no no further higher than above 9889. And then if you uh use this buy zone then I would leave it right. I would maybe chop this up here cuz you're in the middle of this. And whenever you're in the middle of a range, it can get very choppy. You can you can definitely do like a U-turn here and then still hold it and then advance. It can look really ugly here. Um, so like this, you break down pretty much U-turn like nearly the whole thing, but and then like stall there, but eventually it does break down. Um, just just trying to figure out if that sound is chewing because there are cables back there. Um anyway, um it's hammock broke today, so I think he's like throwing a fit right now that he doesn't have his full climbing capacity on the wall behind me. He's so bossy. Um anyway, so what I would do if you're in from this trade zone is chop it up and then just walk your stop up to under here and then ideally wait for some daily demand to be established and then break out. I mean, this is not bad. You know, honestly, if you wanted to um tighten up the stop to here, I think that's fine, too. If you haven't taken any profit, I think walking your stop up to here for any initiation here makes a lot of sense. If you have taken profit on this trade zone here, then I would just leave my stop under this low and then see if we can get some more meaningful daily demand and a breakout of that before looking for another exit. And if we rotate to the highs of this range, the value area low of this guy, I think, uh very reasonable to just, you know, look for a chop there. That's actually where our targeting is. So that's it. Daily trend is bullish. Space for a higher low over 96.835. Anything over that is going to be good for another daily higher low. Moving on to gold here. This is the CFD chart on on it is uh just fine, right? Like this consolidation is super healthy, right? Because all it is is all this sideways trade is just consolidating the breakout over 3707.55. And even if we were a lower high, lower low here, if you can just hold over 3644.354, that would continue to affirm this guy as demand. And this is just the local daily demand. And so if these buyers can just do something like this, no problemmo, right? You're probably getting sick of hearing stuff like this, but you know, it needs to be said just to call things for what they are. And also like I feel like it takes time to um internalize these kinds of concepts, right? like okay well okay yes we're seeing selling or yes we're seeing buying but to assess the strength of that selling or they're buying kind of getting this kind of contextual awareness right like what kind of change is occurring what kind of change is being negated that kind of takes time to get comfortable with you know because there's like emotion to it right whenever you're um money is on the line right and so you know line go up line go down numbers go up numbers go down it affects your clarity you know it's kind of like u like when you're hangry you know you know like you're hangry your brain thinks Oh, we're low on resources. And so you make bad decisions, right? Like you you you get snappy with your cat or um wife, maybe. No, never with your wife. But you know, you know how it goes when you're hangry. Um sometimes you make bad choices. Um like trying to jump across the to get back to the uh car where the sandwiches are. Um anyway, so that's uh that's really it. 3644.354 that's what we care about bigger picture for the gold and this is so far as a notable failure like they didn't even back test the breakout point yet so again this consolidation is still quite healthy move on to NVDA this is really just hanging out trading sideways like an aggressive operator if you wanted to be bottom fishing off the lows of this range I I I would not be able to fault you for that especially if you were to set up like a deep developing value area developing point of control and you were just like okay listen when I see a pass back over like a dip a little under and then pass back over it. I'm just going to buy that pass back over it. Target the deepo and the diva. I think that's fine. Like it worked really well here. You probably wouldn't have started here because it's not a very clear balance yet. But, you know, once you see all this, all of this chop, I think reasonable to have it anchored here or um you could have had it anchored here as well. I think that would be fine. And then you get a decent setup here uh on this one. This one's much better. That's fine. Um, and then you get a nice one here. You get a nice one here. So, I I wouldn't bal you if you're looking for that just responsive trade. But again, bigger picture, I care primarily about a back test of this guy. You know, it's just maybe it doesn't happen. I have no idea. But I have seen this, you know, song and dance so many times before that very very often that these back tests of major um breakout points where there was a lot of value established in the past very often will get retested. And so I prefer to look for value plays there. All right, so that's pretty much it. And if I'm wrong, whatever. You know, it is what it is. We already, you know, gifted you guys these. So, um, if this one doesn't set up, I hope you will forgive me. Um, for Bitcoin, it's funny. Last week we had that arrow here, right? Last week we had that arrow here and then and then we were looking for it to here because well if as long as you are holding over this guy then you're still affirming this guy as demand right and so and so that is the case right now where these buyers are just kind of clinging on to this point of control and this point of control is meaningful not just because it's the point of control of this gateway structure into this much larger area of demand but also because it's the prior all-time high over here you know so higher prices relative to the prior all-time high still being accepted as long as you can find acceptance over 109358.01 which again is pretty much the same level as this kind of gateway structure into all of this demand here. So, I still stand by this. Uh, this trade zone got to we did recommend profit taking here. So, it didn't get to our ultimate objective, but even profit taking there is still decent R. I still think it's reasonable. Um, we shall see. Like again, if this is all balance over here, trading over this guy, that's that's fine. So, we'll see. Lots of space for a daily lower high. Anything under 11399.98 is going to be good for a daily lower high. Inside bar, inside bar right now. So, indecision. We'll see. Potentially looking at a lower high and lower low here, which would be the first time since back here. And back here, it didn't really amount to anything. It's been a lot of lower high, lower lows followed through, huh? This is exactly what I'm talking about with price action trends where you see a lower high, lower low, but it's just back testing like a really big block of demand. You should always be a little bit more wary of that. So monthly retracement looks like it's probably coming sooner rather than later. it's very very close to occurring especially because there's only two days left on this candle and so if we close at near the lows then next month buy sellers are positioned quite well to you know initiate that retracement but yeah you never know we take a day by day and I think there was a situation with the spy right where it was like they were super close to turning over here and then they didn't I think it was here right no I think there was something more either way was it monthly forget. Either way, no big deal so far. So, safe. Moving on to Ethereum. So, Ethereum, okay, finally in this trade zone here. Again, I I still think this is reasonable. It's not looking great right now, of course, but the buyers are defending against a high of this uh key structure over here. Now, yeah, you can't love the fact that this was a break into new all-time highs with no acceptance. It's very similar to XRPUSD. So, like that's a bit of a red flag, right? This breakout and then fall back into range because if this is going to be a higher high that lacks follow-through or look above and fail, so to speak, then that puts this whole range back in play just like this higher high here lack follow-through. And what happens? You come back down and you pretty much you test the the the ne the like the it's not the lows of range yet, but it's where there's a lot of balance before this big breakout. So, I would not be surprised if we just fall right back into range again and they just chop around for more, you know, especially because Ethereum, you know, they um kind of having their cake eaten, right, by other um cryptos like sold and whatnot, right? Which itself also did not break to new alltime highs either or rather pop and drop. This is exactly what I'm talking about, right? If you pop and drop, you should you should expect the test of the most um local area of demand. Pop or drop again. All right, test the lows of this big old demand. That could very well be in the cards for Ethereum. IWM was also very similar, right? This is, you know, this is just what happens. Like if you higher high like follow through, for example, here's balanced lower low, no follow through, test the highs. Higher high, no follow through, test the lows. Higher high, no follow through, test the low. Lower low, no follow through, test the high. Blah blah blah. So that's just how markets work. And so right now, this is a super key spot. If you trade through this guy, then the odds of us coming all the way back down to the lows of this range, like you know, maybe even down to the thousands again. I would say we would increase significantly if you if you take this guy out and then we're back to being in here. Recall what this trade zone was set up based on right after this guy over here. We're looking for a retracement. You know, it only came into the trade zone ever so slightly. But why did we care about that? We were thinking, okay, well, now that we've broken back into this range, looking for a retracement play to hold this guy, which is what held all these lows here, should see a test of the other side. The opposite is true now, right? If you come back down into this guy, which is what contain these highs and these highs and these highs, you know, that greatly increases the potential that we're going for another round trip, you know? So, we shall see. Um, and I don't I don't hate trying for a sell. I think I would prefer if we would drill a little bit lower first and then top fish against this guy, right? So something like this. Let them come in and then we'll top fish against here and then try to play basically the opposite of this. I think very reasonable. Um all right. And then moving on to CCJ. So for CCJ, no real change. Like it did hold this back test of this local area of daily demand, but again like this bigger picture um chop over here is really what I care about. I just I have a hard time seeing them not back test it just looking at how choppy it is back here. How choppy it was throughout pretty much always. It just, you know, has a lot of back and forth action. Even when there's range expansion, there's a lot of back and forth action here. So, I am personally still just waiting on something like that to set up. So, we shall see. And I think we gifted this one. I'm not sure if this was in public videos or in our private streams. I forget. But um you know it's a pretty similar idea except we're bottom fishing this time off and not not really honestly it's pretty similar. We're looking for a back test to this guy. Um but why were we using this structure? Oh because this structure market already told us was important over here. Uh we don't really have that structure here yet. All right. So that's it. Um let's see for trade review. Uh, I still I'm kind of battling the gibs here, but you know what's the, you know, best way to get over something like that, I think, is to just make some changes, right? So, if you're not familiar, I'm just talking about I got some bad blood work. Uh, which was surprising to me because I don't really eat I didn't think I eat that dirty, but actually thinking back about it, we do get a reasonable amount of takeout, particularly on the weekends. I would say that's like my wife's like Achilles heel. is like ordering out and like we'll we'll go to restaurants and order like four to to eight entre because like it'll look ridiculous just two of us at a table and like if if if two of us at a table and like if if if two of us at a table and like if if if we get seated at a table that's just for two people like a you know whatever normal size table my wife will always ask for another table like a bigger table like one for four because she likes to try all the different things you know bit of a foodie she has like 30,000 Google maps uh restaurants saved on Google Maps and on Yelp like wherever whenever we're anywhere, she always has a place that she wanted to try from like an influencer or whatever. I don't even know um how she populates those lists. Anyway, my point is I didn't I didn't think I was living that unhealthily, particularly with my activity. My activity is is really high, like anywhere from hour to hour minimum of cardio a day. Um that's not including walking the dog, which I guess is technically cardio. Um and like resistance training four to six times. So, I really thought it was fine, but um guess not. I had really really high high uh cholesterol, high blood sugar. So, um and low white blood cell count. So, like there's a lot of stuff that I thought wouldn't be problematic that was. And that's kind of shaken my confidence, I think, my my per my confidence in my decisions. And that's been translating, I think, into the trading where I've been more hesitant. I I've never really had an issue with being triggery. Um, and I've never really had an issue with like bailing early on a trade. Don't get me wrong, sometimes there's like there's like honed intuition, right? And there are going to be times when you um, you know, take off a trade after you've put it on just based off of like, you know what, I don't think it makes sense anymore. Like especially if you trade the news, right? If you trade the news events, then you're reacting very quickly to a headline and then you kind of process it afterwards and then you realize, you know what, maybe this doesn't make any sense and and you take it off, that's fine, you know, but that's not really what's been happening with me, right? Like I've just been kind of second guessing myself, which has been leading to I think poor execution. Um the yips basically, right? If you're into sports or whatever, I just feel like I it's just kind of in my head. It's the first time that I've experienced this in um eight years or so. So, it's it's something that like it's a new challenge um for me. But, um the way that I see it is like, okay, well, you know, what am I doing in my personal life? Um I'm making dietary changes, right? And I've made aggressive dietary changes. You know, cut out red meat. Uh no butter. Freaking love butter. So, that sucks. Uh no cheese. I freaking love cheese. So, if it turns out all those things will kill you. uh or you know it's not good for the old ticker. So um that and then you know cooking all our meals. We're not eating out anymore. Um a lot more plant protein. I'm hungry all the time cuz I feel like whatever it is with plant protein it's not satiating or maybe just because not enough not eating as many fats. I don't know. Either way I mean we're still getting a lot of fat from avocados and nuts. I don't know. Either way, it's like a I just feel hungrier. But anyway, um so that's the way that I'm approaching it with trading, too. It's like, okay, well, you know, clearly the the the the environment is telling me something and I just need to make some changes. And so, um I'm just doing that with uh with the with the trades as well. I'm just going forward and trying my best to make disciplined uh changes despite, you know, the second guessing. It's honestly been bit of a mind f. But anyway, not a terrible week. Um I I I still think I could have been better. Um but you know, not bad. So, um get into it here. It was all RTY this week. Everything I did was an RTY. So the first thing we did was uh we I sold it on the um 22nd. Let's see daily. Okay, it was the pop and drop after the all-time high. So the context was this um let's see this was on here. So we had the pop and drop on Friday and then we had a really weak open and gap down open. So, I was thinking, all right, if there if we get an incomplete fill or a weak open, then we can go with that and um try to play down to here because the sellers, they should be trying to negate this breakout and get back under this u prior all-time high structures point of control. So, that was over here. Um honestly, that's not bad, right? That's not bad execution. So, I I sold the RTY of the passback under looking for the overnight low for a chop. And I say the second pass back under because there was an initial uh drive lower and then it and then and then it moved back over. So I didn't fire it right away even though I could have, right? Because the risk would have been fine. So again, you set it up for the O and L and actually this is wrong. It should have been here. Um I set it up for 1.5 and it would it Um I set it up for 1.5 and it would it Um I set it up for 1.5 and it would it would have been like fine, right? But I I hesitated. And so I'm just pointing that out as a reminder to myself. You know, it's still happening, right? the yips. You're still you're still getting the yips right now, right? You could have hammered it right away, but instead I waited for a move back over the open and then the second rolled down before hitting the sell and then targeting the overnight low. And the next place I was targeting was 49.3 and 49.3 was just the high of Wednesday's morning move. So that's over here. Um that's here, right? So here's the initial morning move on Wednesday. And then this is the FOMC reaction. You can see how on uh Thursday the high of this initial like opening range was also right there. So the market already told us it was a very important level and the market's always trying to either affirm or negate prior structure or or create new structure. And so I figure if these sellers are going to fail on the way down then it should be here right some somewhere over here. So I just took another chop over there. Um took another chop above 49.3. I always use meme exits. Um, so I just did it above it, which was the 50.8. I just like to include eight in my orders just because lucky in Chinese culture. Um, so that's what I did. And then um, let's see. That was it. And then I let's see. And then I stopped out the rest and that was it. And I just want to shout out to Sink here, one of our uh, guys. He hangs on the futures room a lot. Does other stuff too, but he hangs on the futures room a lot. Um, he pointed out this level as well. Like it was later in the session. I think uh it was actually at night. It was at 7:30 at night. Um but yeah, at 7:30 at night, but he was saying, you know, saw this exact IWM price reversal of interest and it was after the fact. But I think that it's important to to do that kind of work to look back on the day and kind of like, you know, reverse engineer stuff and be like, okay, well, you know, where were their major turns? Can I apply like some kind of reasoning to this, right? You know, was this an area of change or whatever? Because, you know, like like slow is smooth is fast, right? They got to do things slowly and like kind of um almost like almost like retroactively for a while before it becomes intuitive. That's just how learning goes, right? Like when when you're trying to get better at something initially, like let's say like you're learning a new skill or whatever. At first it's like you don't even know you're making a mistake. You don't even know you're doing it poorly and then you learn the right way to do it and then you know next time around as soon as you make that mist you're still going to make the mistake again, right? like you're probably going to make that mistake forever. Just like fewer, right? There's going to be fewer occurrences and they're not going to be as bad. Just like your regular life, things that you do really well, you still probably make mistakes every now and then, right? Like maybe you're a really great partner, but every now and then you forget to like really hear and listen to what your partner is saying or whatever and you kind of get caught up with like problem solving instead of just making space for them to be heard or whatever. That's probably going to happen forever, right? It's because a natural inclination to do that. But when you know what you're doing, you can you're more cognizant of it. It happens fewer and fewer times, right? And to a lesser degree. So I think very valuable to do this. And I just pointed out that, you know, that um I was looking at that. That's exactly where I exited just trying to affirm that observation of his, you know, letting him know that yeah, that's that's that's a good uh that's a good spot and it's something to look look out for in the future, too. Like just, you know, look for these areas of potential change. And the change in this specific context is that okay again it's that like you know it's this guy right it's the high of this morning move and then the FOMC reaction around it and then you know it gets the significance gets a firm on this session if these cells are going to start having problems especially if all of this move gets negated where should they start having problems it should probably be here it's also the value area high you know of of the 17th so if you're going to start moving value lower from a session to session perspective under here okay what's next right if you're under these guys and you're trying to negate this session next. So, there's actually a lot of reasons for this to be a significant level. So, I used it as an exit for a sell, but an aggressive buyer could have been using it as a buy and that would have been pretty solid trade. Um, all right. So, moving on to the 23rd. On the 23rd here, I the daily context is this. Um, the 23rd is here, right? So, we got a gap up now. So, it's the opposite, right? And so I'm thinking, all right, well, if we're going to get a gap up right on this um all-time high, then we can make a potential buy to go with these buyers as long as they're holding over yesterday's regular trading RSI. And I know it ended up being a red day, but initially on the morning, it was fine. It was a It was a fine trade. I didn't really get a great trade out of it. It's pretty good, but you know, just a decent trade because I let the runner get stopped out all the way in the end. Is what it is. I risked it for the biscuit. Even knowing that there was an FOMC. Um, not FC. Uh, JPAL was talking on this day, I still risk it for the biscuit. But whatever, that's just trading. And this time, I don't think I had any delay. It was right on the right on the dot here. Oh, no. I'm sorry. There was a back test of the regular trading hours high first. So, that actually made it a little bit easier. Oh, the level's not here. I I failed to include it. But here, so the open was here and then we they back tested yesterday's regular trading hours high and then held it to the tick. And that was a very cheap setup. So, I thought, all right, well, they just held the if they if they if I see the spring the trading hours high. As soon as I see that, I think, okay, if we pass back over the open, I'm going to buy and throw my stop onto the low because that would be the day plus buyers trying to to keep control. And so, I see that move, buy the pass back over the open. And I was looking for some rotation because the cues were was weak. So, I was thinking uh on on if you look on the 22nd on this day, um Q's look like uh 23rd, excuse me, cues look like this. So, they were weak. So, I was thinking potential rotation right out of the cues and into uh small caps. Um, that's what I say here. And I'm thinking, all right, uh, stop is under the low day. I'm looking for an exit under 91.7. And 91.7 is just this. That's weird. Where? I I could have swore I had the levels marked up, but I guess not. 91.7 is just here. Over here. It's just the high of I'm sorry, it's over here. Wait, what should have been here? I think the line's just getting lost in there. Yeah, there it is. 91.7. Yeah, so 91.7 is just the high of this Thursday session and then this and then I made another a bit of an error here, right? I I was looking at this as the all-time high. Um, so I took another exit off over here, right? Uh, looking out mass at the all-time high test. That was a mistake. Uh because I should have I should have been looking at the alltime at the um uh overnight session. The overnight session we had way more price action up here. So I probably could have held out for a further target. So a bit of an error there, but still got two exits. I know I'm getting paid on this attempt now. And so even if I stopped out the rest, right, still decent win here, like almost 18 points. Uh almost yeah, almost 20 points or so. And then and then I just look to walk the stop up for the rest. Uh, I acknowledge the JPL speech is about to occur, but I just decided to risk it for the biscuit. And then I stopped out at the uh on this move in this move in the end of the day. So, no biggie. Um, stopped out the rest, but still a decent trade overall. And then, um, that was it. And then for the 24th again, I did RTY. Um, okay. Okay, so for RTY on the 24th, it looks like this, right? We're opening up within range. Um, and this was a day that that the yips really hurt me to this on this session because I I like I don't even really need these comments to to remind me. Uh, I know exactly what happened. So, on the on this day, cuz I I kind of was beating myself up about it over for for a while afterwards. So, I hit this cell um against the overnight high and I was looking for this exit over here, which was yesterday's point of control um and like the high of this opening candle and I let this failure kind of just wig me out here, right? So, I was thinking and I and I say this in the comments um that it should be pretty squeezy to negate yesterday's low. Wait. Uh, tempo uptick but failure to touch down is not ideal. So, it should have been pretty this lower low should have been a smash to here if these were strong sellers in that moment. But the thing is that's like in that moment, you know, and if the change has not been negated. So, like the change that we're looking for right now is this. The context for this trade makes so much sense. I really considered it a layup and I just completely fumbled it. So, this is a sell against the overnight high, but it's also a sell against the end of the day structures high from the prior day that the the prior days end of the structure high. And you've heard me talk about this setup a lot. This is one of my most preferred setups. We're just looking for continuation of what happened yesterday. And what happened yesterday was this breakdown and then balanced trade trading sideways after this breakdown. So, this is just consolidation of this. You can see I'm getting worked up right now because I really really gelt shady about this one. um because it's like a trade that I do all the time and so to fumble it and then and then it saw great followthrough it kind of stung for a while and and even that you know hasn't really been an issue for a long time with me so kind of you know again I just kind of got the yips right now um but yes let me just walk you through it right so the I I I see this lower low under this low and it didn't smash so that I just exited the trade here so it was like nothing just like nothing burger like a four four points or whatever. Um, I walked away with four points here and then I tried it again here because I see this move down and I'm thinking, all right, you know what? Like I shouldn't have passed on that. And if I was going to exit early here, then I should have been been prepared to fire again here, right? Because it's even cheaper here, right? Like technically like you have even less followthrough over here. If you were to just run your stop right above the high, I would have just given it the same amount of wiggle room honestly, but it's an even better setup. Looking for a lower high here technically, right? So, you know, kind of beating myself up here. And then I see this stair step back over the point of control of the prior session. So, I'm thinking, all right, pretty cheap to try to get back to this guy over here, right? Like this little three bar that they broke out of. And I was thinking that's like a pretty reasonable target to get to like a failure to get to the DV valve, right? I was thinking if we're going to fail here at the DLO, you probably get a little bit more distance. That was my logic anyway. It's not the best logic, I don't think, but I think I was starting to be tilty here. And then um I say it's my last attempt before I go eat because it was I was getting hungry and it was it's about time where I I normally eat. And these days, like I said, I just get hungrier. It's not that I'm getting hungrier more. I am hungry more, but like hunger comes on much faster for whatever reason. Like I could feel fine and then all of a sudden I feel like hypoglycemic and I just want to eat. And I I think that's just because there's not a lot of fats in my diet now. I think um I don't know. Either way, sucks. But anyway, um uh yeah, so the uh so I just chopped it, stopped it out, and then and I said, I'm just going to go eat. I And I call this out, too. I say um I say last attempt before food. Sellers need to hold Ypock blah blah blah. Stop. I'm grabbing grub. The overnight high and the high of yesterday's end of the day balance is still a reasonable location, but I don't want to wait around for it. and it's at 10:10. So, I stop over here at 10:10 and it's just one minute later. I I could just wait one minute and that setup would have presented again and I just I just didn't do it because, you know, I was just was I just wasn't um wasn't being sharp, you know, like I don't know. And then again, this one had just massive followthrough. You know, like I had a decent week, you know, there's nothing to complain about, but you know, it could have been a great could have been a much better um week cuz then we got that gap down. So like think about it this location here like even if you sell at the gap is 50 points, you know, and then to the lows is 70. So it's like ah um so a bit of a stinger. Um but, you ah um so a bit of a stinger. Um but, you ah um so a bit of a stinger. Um but, you know, is what it is. can't let it get to you too bad or too much otherwise you know it's just going to get worse right so next day I get right back on the saddle on the 25th and the 25th the context is this guy oh right I have a trade on Friday as well but it was during the live stream um all right so the 25th is this context is a big old gap down so I hesitate again and there was a pretty decent sell setup very you know like pretty pretty close to the bell that's over here. Um, it was a pretty solid sell setup to get to the overnight low, but I hesitated on that, so whatever. I missed it. And then I think, okay, well, you know what? Bigger picture, we're probably going to just digest, right? Because it's a big gap. And typically, when you get a big gap, there's a lot of transactions that need to occur. People are rebalancing. They're rethinking their positions. And so, I was like, okay, whatever. If we're going to balance, then I'm eyeing a pass back over the developing value area low after initial hold of the prior all-time high supply is a value area low. So that's this, right? I see this guy, this initial hold, and this is the low of this all-time high structure. So I'm thinking, all right, it's a big gap potential to balance. If we're going to balance, you know, and not create any meaningful change, it's probably there where these buyers will stall. I didn't buy right off of that, but I waited for the move off of there first. And then I just bought this devout pass. So this low over here at 944 is the test of that level, right? If you just zoom in over here, that's here, right? 944, test that level, and then I just bought this move back over the um the DV val here, right? So, I just put my limit order in and then I was looking for an exit. Hang on, where where's all my references? And I was looking for an exit. Uh originally, I was looking for it at the diva here, but be I ended up not doing that. I ended up looking for taking it off um here at the open because the development value area high printed lower. So, I ended up just chopping it up at the open instead. Um, which didn't make it a great exit. It only gave it like one R. And then I took off more at the um I took off more at the high of the day test. So, honestly, not a bad day from a point perspective, but from an R perspective, it wasn't ideal. So, I I set I call this out even before it sets up. It's at 46. So, at 46, we're in here. Sets up. And then um let's see thinking potential digestion blah blah blah would prefer and and then this is a red flag another red flag on 952 I I somebody uh Ryan uh shout out to Ryan pointing out that there were some good stairst step uh setups at the low of the day uh for ES as well and then I said it day uh for ES as well and then I said it day uh for ES as well and then I said it had to be NQ and RTY for me because the ES wasn't testing a daily level and that's just flat out wrong. like I don't know why I would say that because it's a daily double bottom potentially a daily double bottom right it's just testing this low over here so that was just a big red flag for me to again just you know I'm just trying to be observant of myself and the kind of errors that I'm making right now so I'm making like kind of observational errors and then also just like hesitating a lot so you know just I'm I'm not trying to center on it right because I'm not I don't want to like keep repeating the mistake but I you need to be aware of what you're doing right to try to overcome it so you know I'm just keeping myself accountable accountable for, you know, for that. And so I just take the chop here at 10:02. I had a contractor as well, so I was a bit distracted. I didn't want to have to like come in and out and like manage a trade. So I took it out, chopped it up more here, and that was fine. Um, decent amount, like 25 or 30 points or so. So not a bad day. And then I stopped off the rest on this move after I walked the stop up. I walked the stop up to under this guy after this move and then stopped it out over here. And there was follow through on it, but what are you going to do? Um, and let's see. Carry over target into Friday's buy. Oh, right. Because I was I was trying to get here. I was trying to get here. Like my target for this buy was to try to get back up to um this point of control back test and then I don't I don't have any comments for it because I did this on our live stream for the for the um uh for our community. So, if you're interested in joining community, we we stream every I don't stream every morning, but we have a team member streaming every morning. Mondays is Dan. Tuesdays and Wednesdays Lori, Thursday is uh Denzy, and then Friday I I do the live stream. Um and so sometimes we'll do trades live if if something is present. Uh I've kind of taken a hiatus from it for a while just because I I made an error, a costly error that was due to my um attention being divided. I was I stopped out of a trade, but I left the takerit on there and because I didn't have the position on anymore. the takerit turned into a new position and then I ended up with a five figure loss after the stream was done um that I was not expecting. So, so um you know kind of like you know whatever but the opportunity was seemed really good on on Friday. So I I did the trade and it was just this um it was just this right and I talked about this through the trade. It almost took me out this I'm telling you always use an eight. Uh, I don't I don't really mean that seriously, but I always like to use an eight uh just for luck and uh and and it worked out well there. I was just looking for a back test of the regular trading hours high. Gave it a little bit of wiggle room um to get to the overnight high. And so that was my first exit. My second exit was this guy. Why was my second exit here? I don't remember why why this exit was here. Oh, right. Because that's the point of control test, right? Because Okay. So at this point at this moment on the 950 candle that was here oops 950 candle is over here here 950 candle was that daily the daily no change and that daily point of control that's this guy over here right that was the target that I wanted to play for on this day when I made that buy near the low of it of the prior day so I just mentioned this as the carryover target right because again this is kind of what I like about VP is you kind of know where you're playing for, right? And like talking about it, eyeing it, like it keeps you focused for what these buyers should be trying to get done, what these buyers and sellers should be trying to get done. Even if your original trade from the prior day is no longer on, you know what I mean? So, um, that was it. And then I stopped the rest of it. Uh, I forget in the end towards the end of the session. I forget when. Uh, no, it was right. It was pretty soon after, right? So, chop chop pretty solid day and that was it. So, honestly, all things considered, yips and all, not bad. Um, but I just know it could have been a lot better. Um, but you know, the way that I'm trying to to tackle it is just trying to make better decisions and not beating myself up. Like, the worst thing that you can do when you're not feeling sharp is, you know, beat yourself up over it, right? Like, you got to show yourself grace. Grace is super important in this game. You know, like acceptance, grace, these things are going to really help your psychology. And if you're really good with your psychology, then, you know, mistakes don't matter too much. They don't compound. So, that's it. If you're interested in uh checking out our community again, you get access to those live streams. You can hang out with us all day. We're posting setups all the time. We're talking through our trades. We're, you know, lolly gagging around. Um, check it out. links in description below. And if you are interested in getting trade zones sent to your inbox every single week, update from me, update from Dan and live updates for any action that we take regarding those uh trade setups, then check out the swing report links in the description below as well. Otherwise, this was a doozy. If you made it this far, if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, we would appreciate that very much. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend, and I hope to see y'all next time.