============================================================
Video: _79m9l-lXRc
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Play Defense!
Date: 2025-11-23
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 9656
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:23.505831
============================================================

sellers force monthly retracement for the first time since March. So, is the bull market cancelled or are we likely just looking at some healthy retracement, bigger picture, and what do we need to look out for to assess the progress of these sellers? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chartist team where I head up our futures room and the string report. In this video, we'll go over all of that and more. So, let's get into it. All right. So, starting off with SPY, uh, sellers put together a pretty solid week, weekly decline. Um, let's see. The week prior actually wasn't a decline. So, we had, uh, a down week, a slightly up week. It's a red candle, but slightly up, and then now we've we're back to down. So, monthly retracement is now underway. And so to address what we were talking about in the beginning of the video, you know, there's a lot of talk about um bubbles popping and certainly that might be the case, but as of right now, you know, you got to put things into context, right? Like there's a lot of fear out there when all that's really happened so far is like we've we're just testing prices since September, you know, not seen since September. If if we go back to the daily time frame, um let's see the last time that we yeah was let's see we September 5th, you know. So all we're doing right now is just back testing this breakout point into the next area of major daily demand. Now don't get me wrong, it is notable the sellers have made a good amount of progress here, the most amount of progress that they've been able to achieve since October 10th. And the it's actually quite similar like if we if we just uh move to a cleaner chart here. What happened back here is actually very similar to what's happening right now. I think we've discussed this a little bit but just you know brief uh overview here. This area right what happened here when we had this major breakdown over here all it was all the sellers managed to do was back test this area of demand. And so now what we've got going on over here is very similar to this situation except now um you just view all of this right as what was over here and now we're just trying to resolve this big old structure again. Now I'm not trying to be like a permable by any means but I just think it's important to put everything into perspective. a lot of fear out there and I I just don't really think it's terribly warranted right now. In the short term, if you're like a daytime frame operator or, you know, short duration swing trader, one to two weeks, whatever, zero to two weeks, then yeah, it makes sense to be looking uh biasing more to the sell side. Sure. But bigger picture, you know, these buyers are still doing just fine. And so, what are we looking out for now, right? Like when does this uh monthly retracement be start to become unhealthy? It would really be if we start to negate this breakout, right? This breakout is still being affirmed as long as we're holding over 6147.43 on the uh S&amp;P on SPY. That's uh 61323. So there's a lot of space for these buyers to work with. On the weekly time frame, you know, you are flirting with a well technically did break this weekly support already. So the weekly is also creating some notable damage and the daily time frame of course also damaged. Um and so what are we looking out for in the near term? It's really just 662.76. We got to keep watching out for this. And uh on the downside reference is going to be 65221. And then the value area high uh at 650.09. That's just the value area high of this next daily demand zone. Why are we looking at this next? It's not because we're thinking, oh gosh, it's you know there's it's going to bounce here. We're not making that assumption. We're always trying to just play with what the market is affirming. So we're just always trying to align ourselves. It's like surfing, right? Like if you're surfing, what are you what are you doing? you're swimming out and then you're looking to align yourself with when a wave comes, right? And you're not going to just you're not going to try to surf against it, right? You're going to try to just go with it. Um, so that's what we do, right? As as technical operators, really as investors in general. I think that's, you know, just kind of how it goes. Um, so what does that mean then? That means bigger picture, we should probably be keeping our eyes open for the potential of a buying opportunity if again, this is the big picture, right? We're thinking monthly retracement is underway. Lots of space for a monthly higher low. This breakout continues to be affirmed as long as we're holding over this high. The daily time frame, my cat is uh batting at the um the cursor right now. Um the daily time frame has not been oversold in a really long time. It's ever since the April low, the tariff tumble, we haven't been daily oversold. So what happens when the daily becomes oversold is going to be really good information for us, right? Because you know there's a saying, right? There's no such thing as overbought in a bull market. There's no such thing as oversold in a bare market. We're in a bull market right now still as as of right now at least. And so what we want to see is will these shorter term oversold conditions lead to buyers being inspired? You know, I I I'm leaning towards that to be completely honest with you because again, it hasn't happened in a long time. And so I would imagine that these buyers would be interested in at least, you know, trying for some bounce like they did here. This ended up being just a deadcat bounce into more oversold. But still, it was a a reasonable spot to be looking for that bounce play. Position yourself and then stop out the rest if anything. So that's kind of like your bigger picture outlook. Now, when you're if we just dig in and think, okay, well, what are we going to do next week? What we're going to look out for in the short term, again, just these two key levels, 662.76, 652.21. As long as we're under 662.76, it is reasonable to join the sellers and play to try to get back down to here. Try to get back down to here and to here. And if you if we zoom in, you'll see that there's like really pitch battles happening at all these key levels, including the lower levels, right? So, this all happened in the after hours. So, that is a bit concerning for these buyers. Major lows are typically not made in the extended average trading in the GlobeEx session after hours. Uh major highs and lows typically are made during the regular trading hours. cash market hours because that's when the most volume traded. That's when everybody's kind of agreeing on what we think is fair price to do business. So, that is a bit of a red flag that this low was made in the overnight um session. Anyway, so you can see where do these buyers have problems, right? They had problems right at the point of control. Where do these buyers find support? Right at the value area low. The low of this move is right at the value area high of the next daily demand zone lower. The higher low right off the high of the structure. This initial low again right off the high of the structure. You know, in these videos, we're never trying to make any prediction, right? I'm not trying to just pull things out of nowhere. We're always just looking at what the market has done in the past because what the market has done in the past is what creates all of these patterns, right? Like even if you're a regular old pattern trader, you know, I mean, just like say it's a bad thing or whatever, but if you trade, you know, inverse head and shoulders or a bull flags or whatever, all these patterns are all created by imbalances in supply and demand. You know what I mean? Like that's just how it goes. So, um, anyway, so that's what we should be looking out for. We just continue to go with whatever the market is affirming. So, shorterterm operators, if you want to be join sellers now, it definitely makes more sense now that we have overhead supply and we have this um demand zone that's being taken out. So, what's that going to look like? If you're going to be a seller in the like, you know, 0 to two week range, you you're probably looking for something along these lines, right? You don't want the point of control of this all-time high supply to be violated. So, you're thinking, you know, probably something along these lines if you want to join sellers. All right. And we should just be looking to play it back down to like here. It's honestly, it's kind of a large range. I don't really love it like that. Something along these lines. Like maybe we start up here where the volume picks up something like this. Uh first target really should just try to get here. So, if you're not okay with 1.7R, then you would just pass on this unless you want to play for a further target. maybe to this high volume node. Um, that would be fine as well. And for the daily oversold conditions, it would probably roughly align with somewhere down here. So, I think it's reasonable also if we dig deeper to be looking for a potential buying opportunity in the first daily oversell conditions. Something along these lines. We'll try to get back to here. So, I think these two zones in the in the near term pretty reasonable IMO. So, we can set these up or group these up. And I don't think we had any trade zones from last week because uh this one the last one was uh got Oh, that was obviously didn't hit. Uh that was one of the stops. That one was a older one. This one was our last one. So, we don't have anything since then. So, I think this is pretty reasonable outlook going forward if you're looking for this potential to be a head and shoulders. Um so, left shoulder potential head looking for that right shoulder. This is a pretty reasonable zone if you're looking for that. And if you were looking for a daily oversell bounce lower, it would be reasonable to be waiting for daily oversold conditions to align with these two high volume areas to look for a potential bounce play as well. All right. Uh moving on to the cues here. Uh so the cues these are these arrows are just from my morning rundowns in the futures room. But I mean again they they did very much come into play, right? Like obviously the sellers took this level out, but the low of the day was pretty much made right at this key level that we're talking about here. It's really this next area of daily demand. So again, it's like, you know, I'm not picking and choosing, you know, I'm not like saying, okay, this level is important just because I feel like it. I'm thinking this these levels are important because the market has already told us, okay, we think it's important because the market established value here. We spent a good amount of time here. The more time that it spends there, the more volume is transacted there. And the more volume that's transacted there, the more value, right, is established there. So that's why we pay attention to these levels on the way down, on the way up because the market's always just trying to affirm or negate whatever it's done before. That's it. It's really no different than anything else, right? Like even how you how you live your life, you're always just trying to affirm things that you believe in, the principles that you believe in, right? And you're or you're trying to negate the things that you that you don't, you know? Um that's just how um interesting. I just thought of Ray Dalio's principles. That's pretty much the the idea of Ray Dalio's book, right? Principles, right? Like you you know whether you fail at something, great. You create a principle, live by it. If you succeed at something, great. You create a principle, live by it, right? So that's all that we're doing. We're looking at what kind of principles the markets are the market is affirming or negating, right? And then we're just aligning ourselves with that. Um anyway, so what do we care about on this bounce? So Friday's balance partially in due to um the Fed chair from not the Fed chair but the New York Fed president uh who is a voting member talking about he supports rate cuts in the near term. So that made Fed the uh uh probability of a Fed cut in couple weeks from now, three weeks from now. The December 15th meeting it went from like 50% to 70%. So some of that balance on Friday I think was attributed to that optimism. Um but you know whatever pure purely technical perspective here you know this was a failure for these buyers to not get back to the point of control of this big old block of demand again I I'm sure if we zoom in there will be like a lot of activity at these key levels the value area low the point of control holds whatever so the in pretty much you know picture perfect value area high holds of the next area of demand lower this failure to get to the point of control to me is quite notable right not only that but if you look at it from a session to session perspective the ENQ could not even get back to this day, this day's point of control. That's the 19th. Um, so again, we're carrying this concept over that every the market's always just trying to affirm or negate prior structure, right? Whatever it deemed fair price do business before. So from a session and session perspective, this session was affirmed that supply on this breakdown. And for these sell buyers to not be able to come back to here is a bit of a red flag. The ES they here is a bit of a red flag. The ES they here is a bit of a red flag. The ES they did overcome that point of control. You can see how over here again we're watching this key level. Rejection here, rejection here, pop back above, and then we fell back below it. The rut actually showed you the most strength. It's got a lot of acceptance back over this 19th level. So, all that to say, we're just constantly trying to evaluate not just what happens on the daily time frame, monthly time frame, weekly time frame, but if you're a short-term operator, you're also looking at what happens from a session to session perspective. Because for all those daytime frame trades that we cover at the end of the video that we do the trade review for and that we do you know whatever live calls for in the in our room um it's all based on this right like we I take this information that we lay out on the daily time frame and then we just zoom in to the uh session to session perspective and say okay well if the daily chart is affirming local overhead supply right or we're negating prior demand by staying under that demand zone prior demand zones point of control and from a session to session perspective, value is moving lower. Okay, we can just keep aligning ourselves with these sellers. That's the wave. The wave on these three different time frames is moving lower. And so if the if all three of these waves are moving lower, then you know which direction should we be surfing? We should be surfing with the wave, right? So it's always a matter of what time frame you're trading and then the higher time frames uh allow you to know should I even be trading in this direction on the lower time frames, right? Because if you know if you have two larger waves going against you and then you have one wave for whatever reason you're in a whirlpool um going against these two big waves what's probably going to happen right more often than not those big waves are going to overwhelm the small ones. So we want to just make sure that what what we do on the low time frames is aligned with the higher time frames. So um that's why I was just pointing out the session and session perspective here. Anyway, so what do we care about next week? 59813 58332. Again, we can set up sell zones, right? like the sell zones would be something along these lines. Like we want to use these high volume areas. If the market's going to bounce, we know that there if there's going to be problems, there should be problems probably here like where the volume tapers off. There's not a lot of volume up here to be completely honest with you. But something along these lines would be quite reasonable. Looking for a sell plan to get down to here. Something along these lines would be reasonable. And then for the buy, again, we want to we want to align ourselves with those daily oversold conditions, which you know hasn't hasn't haven't been present in a very long time. And see, okay, well, if we're going to get daily oversold conditions, where is this big chunk of volume? And really, it would be down here, right? So, it would be something along these lines. Again, making sure that the daily is oversold when you're using this buy zone. Something along these lines, right? trying to get back to I guess really where the volume picks back up like over here. So in the near term something along these lines for sellers, something along these lines for buyers makes a lot of sense in my opinion. And then for the rut here, so the rut is showing you a lot of relative strength, which is certainly notable, but I was, as I was saying in the chat room recently, it's I think it's good to have a healthy dose of um RTY or the rut, relative strength PTSD, meaning the relative strength in the rut is very often shortlived. Like it'll it'll be present for a little bit and then fades away. Um, so just be mindful of that because especially bigger picture, you know, it's it's barely even made to new highs, right? Like it broke to a new high, not holding on to it. So well, it's just in this bigger picture balance. The odds of us seeing this as a big look above and fail are certainly increasing. The more acceptance that we find under here, 24088, the point of control of this structure over here. This is the prior all-time high structure. If these buyers want to stay strong relative to the prior all-time high structure, they have to obviously hold above it, affirm it as demand by holding over 240.88, which they're not doing right now. So, where do these buyers play defense? It's pretty much here. They're just trying to affirm this breakout. So, all of this balance, all of this chop, it's not really the per picture perfect balance, but all of this chopping, it was above this high 23146. So, this breakout from August 22nd continues to be affirmed as long as we are finding acceptance over 23146. I do think it's notable that during the regular trading hours, they they failed to come down here. But I think in the overnight session, actually, they they failed. So, what do we care about in the rut next week? We still just care primarily about 24088 as that upside reference. Remember, this is really the line in the sand. If this is going to be a big look above and fail and the RTY is going to roll over and test the lows of this massive range again, they need to continue defending 240.88 as resistance. If we get back over that, these buyers are again positioned well for new highs. So, you know, as a trader, short-term operator, you just have to constantly be monitoring whatever is going on. This is why I like the terminology of affirming rather than confirming because, man, like the market will it's like a toxic relationship, you know, like it'll tell you one thing one day and then it'll tell you something totally different the next day. And um unfortunately, that's just how it has to be. And you, you know, can't divorce the market uh if you play this game. Um, I I just heard a sound outside. I don't know if my wife is reacting to the me talking about divorce. Um, all right. So, anyway, that is pretty much it for the ride. The downside reference that we should care about is 227.99. That's the point of control of this demand zone over here, which again is the demand zone that's holding up all of this chop over here. Right. Picture picture perfect back test of the high of this range over here. Something's going on out there. Um, all right. So, that's pretty much it. Trade zones for the rut, I don't think we had any, right? Um, no, those are all old ones. So, for the rut, sell zone, I do think it's reasonable as well. You'd probably want to wait for there to be some like overbought conditions, but something along these lines trying to get down to here. I think pretty reasonable. And then for the buy zone, again, we just want to wait for these daily oversell conditions. They came close to it. So, I think something along these lines for the buy. And I I really wouldn't do the buy in the rut, though. Like, I really wouldn't. I would prefer to do the buy and this buy in the Q's. There's just not a lot of strength in small caps. Like the whole rate cut narrative, seeing relative strength. I played for a position in RTI for over a year looking for that rate cut scenario. I still have those shares. they're free free shares from day trading. But I regret it. You know, to be completely honest, like I regret that thesis is just not playing out because the economy is just not as strong as um as I anticipated it it could have been during the rate cut environment, which would be the best case scenario. A strong economy with rate cuts is the best case scenario for small caps. But right now, you know, unemployment's on the up and up. Inflation is still very sticky up above 3%. Um, that's core inflation and the jobs doesn't look great either. So, um, yeah, it was I don't want to say it's a waste of time, but uh, I wish I I wish I waste of time, but uh, I wish I I wish I waste of time, but uh, I wish I I wish I had spent that time elsewhere. I can tell you that much. Anyway, moving on to Whoops. Moving on to the Dow. these are old trade zones, right? I still think it's reasonable. Um, it's not daily oversold yet. At this point now, we're like so close to it that I I kind of feel like it would be better if you waited for daily oversold conditions, but we already have it drawn out there. I still think it's reasonable, but if you didn't use this yet, I would wait lower. I would prefer to hit this a little bit lower as a buy like down here off of this structure. Daily oversell conditions aligning with a back test of this guy, which hasn't been tested yet, right? So, this is like a virgin structure over here, untested, something along these lines trying to get back to here. makes a lot of sense in my opinion. Um, and the upside reference that we should care about next week. Uh, really it should be this is no longer a daily no change level. Technically this is the daily no change level. Um, we should care primarily I would say about 47125, right? These buyers got to get back over 47125 to get back to affirming this breakout. So again, this structure was affirm demand over here and now that we're back within it is that you know that that's in question now. So 47125 I think is a key upside reference next week for the Dow. The key downside reference going to be 45558. That's this structure the point of control of this structure here has supported price again since September 11th. So if these sellers can flip this into supply then we they should be looking to test down here and then this whole daily oversold um scenario would shake out. Now, for a sell, I think it's I think it's trickiest to to sell the Dow just because the larger caps in the market are pretty much holding up the entirety of the market for the most part. So, I wouldn't do it the selling the Dow. I would prefer to do it in the rut or even the overall market more than the doubt I am of. Moving on to the dollar here. So, the dollar, I stand by these trade zones. They still make a lot of sense in my opinion. Again, these are just responsive trade zones based off of these two key structures. This guy over here was support for so long and now it's flipped into uh supply resistance. Um these trade zones have already worked out a couple times and I think it's reasonable to keep using them. But this daily chart is is pretty solid for the buyers. The buyers here, they're holding over this daily no change level. Um, and so if I were to reuse this sell zone, then I would personally wait to see something like this. Like I would like to see us move under 99.80, see a pop and drop, roll back down under it, sell it, stop, and then try to get here, try to get here. I think that's a more reasonable approach if you're looking to sell the dollar again. And again, I'm kind of like skewed out by the sells personally because of all of my mom's friends who are talking about buying Swiss Franks and euros and stuff and just fleeing the dollar. um just doesn't doesn't sit well to be aligned with that with that crowd if I'm being completely honest. That's pretty much it. Moving on to gold. So, gold is looking pretty solid as well. Still affirming this breakout. As long as holding over 4046, that's this breakout here. As long as holding over 4046.5995, um I think the best bet if you're looking for a gold play really would be to buy these pass back overs. The development value are real low of all this balance. So all this line, all these lines are showing you are the histograms. What they're showing you is where the point of control in the moment is. That's the purple line and the development value area high and low. Those are the blue histograms. Um so I'm thinking if you're interested in buying gold, it's balancing right now bigger picture. So you're either being aggressive and buying these passbacks over 4046.5995 or you're buying the pass back over the development value area low and you're targeting the point of control and then the value area high. So the R for this is honestly pretty solid. Like I know that the Deepo moves lower, but you can still play for where it was and then like just give yourself a little bit of wiggle room, maybe 1.5, 2 R, whatever. Try to get to the deep first and then try to get to the um development value area high next. So that would have worked out quite well over here. And whenever you're, you know, in balance, that's just the play. Like that's just one of the best plays. You can see how it shakes out over here. Um this is going to keep extending though, but Right. So you buy this pass back over it, chop it, chop it. Buy this pass back over, probably stop. Buy this pass back over it, chop it, chop it, etc. Buy this pass over, chop it, chop it. You don't get stopped out here. You can add back in, chop it, chop it. And that's really the best way in my opinion to play um balance when you're uh a volume profile user. All right, so that's pretty much it. Moving on to MVDA. So MVDA is back in that trade zone, right? Already dipped into it. more than surpassed the target and now we're back in here again. I still think it's reasonable. Like I I know that this was a like a huge move back down on positive earnings. Um certainly a red flag. There's a lot of talks about AI bubble popping or whatever. Um but the fact of the matter is that this demand zone is still acting as support. You can see where the low of the day was. It was right at the value area low of this area of demand. The market has already told us it's important here told us it's important here. And now it's affirmed this importance over here. So I still think that trade zone is very reasonable. If you used it, then you know you're looking for a chop node later than 19562. And um that's really it. If we do see lower, remember I'm more interested down here where the where this big old block of um prior supply now acting as demand is. There's a lot of value established here. And that would probably be daily oversold conditions. It would be pretty deep into daily oversold. It might even be even be weekly oversold. probably not, but daily oversold into this guy into this area. I would be very interested in that. And I think we have a zone marked up for that that we've been waiting for forever. Something along these lines, I think. Very reasonable. Moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin weakness is kind of a red flag, I would say, for the overall market. Bitcoin more of a risk-on asset. I know that tends to rub people the wrong way. Bitcoin maximalist or whatever, but you know, I I don't know what to tell you. Like, I agree to disagree. can let me know how much you hate me um in the comments. That's fine. But, you know, I I just don't think that there's uh it's my opinion. I don't think there's an inherent value in Bitcoin. I hold Bitcoin. I have a ton of Bitcoin, honestly. But, I personally I mean, like if the world goes to crap, you know, like I would rather have water or food uh or um you know, ammo. Um, but that's me. You know, if you would like to have your digital coin, um, when like the power grid is down, fine, you know, but I'm not giving you water for it. Anyway, so um, the way that I see it now is this is um, the way that I see it now is this is um, the way that I see it now is this is actually a huge red flag. So these buyers, they tried to play defense where this structure that we were watching last week where this guy held up all this balance here. again market tells us it's important reminds us I should say over here and over here it back test the value high and then it rips now we traded through it with barely any pause that's not a good look right so I mean you do have some initial stalling here but that's not much so these sellers are very confident here in the in Bitcoin now as long as you're holding under 98892.97 then this breakdown continues to be affirmed if you're holding under 89541.25 25 then this structure piece is being affirmed as supply. If this guy is being affirmed as supply, where should they try to get to? They try to get back to here, right? Exactly where they failed last time because they're trying to get back to this. Remember the market is always trying to either affirm or negate what's already occurred. So it's just now the sellers are trying to negate all of this structure, all this demand that the buyers established in the past. So that's that should be their objective. 77312.18 is that key level and the key upside reference going to be 89541.25. 25 and then just the daily note change that way here. We don't really care about this guy anymore. TBH uh 98892.97. All right. And the key downside reference 77312.18. All right. Um I think it's reasonable to try sells, but like I said, we you know, we've been focusing on the sell in Ethereum, and I I think that makes a lot more sense. Uh let's see, 50% decline already from the highs. Um whereas for Bitcoin, let's see here, it's only at 36. So I think that was the right call and and I would stick to that personally. Uh if you're going to be a seller in uh crypto or especially the big three or whatever. Well, probably Litecoin. I don't even call it Litecoin, but probably Litecoin is is probably the even better sell. Uh actually, not not really. It's still just for Litecoin. Um uh All right. So, I would just stick with the sell on Ethereum. And if you're looking to add back to this cell, you're really looking to just sell off with this guy. So, the target's already been achieved on this uh sell zone. But if you're looking to sell again, the new daily not change should be here. If you're looking to add to your cell or reload your cell, then it should be here, right? Selling against all of this uh uh supply over here, trying to get back down to here again, really. So, that's pretty much it at this point. Now, you know, targets achieved. So you should be out the majority of your position from any initiations that were in here. And at this point, these sellers are affirming this breakdown. As long as acceptance under 3055. So as long as these buyers can't get back over here, then these they don't prove anything. And the next downside objective should be 2539.52. If they can flip this structure into supply, then it should be here next. They should be trying to get back to here next. Remember, Ethereum is just this big picture job. So, um, not the best look for the for Ethereum to be honest with you here. All right. Should be here next. If we're going to move lower, then they should try to negate this breakout because this structure is the consolidation of this move. Okay, CCJ. Uh, I'm still just looking out for it here. Like, this is honestly still okay, right? This is a lot of value that was established here. So, I wouldn't be surprised if these buyers defend this area. I would prefer if they didn't. I prefer if they um just drilled lower and got back down to here. But, you know what? I might have to take a shot at this when when we're daily oversold. It's not been daily oversold since the April low and there is a lot of value established here. So, I think I think if we move lower, I'll try an aggressive play here, but I'm not going to mark it up for these uh videos because I just prefer to make it more bigger picture, but I'll probably do something along these lines. Daily oversold conditions, something like this. All right. So, I know none of these are official calls anyway. Technically, they're not part of the swing report, but uh very unofficial zone. You know, this is for I think more aggressive operators, more confident operators looking to play again firstly oversold conditions into this uh area where the volume tapers off and there's a lot of value established here. All right, so that's it, my friends. That was a lot of jabbering. Excuse me. Um, all right. So, let's get into some trade review here. Got to be quick about it because that that took a lot longer than I thought. Um, all right. So, RTY, what did I do on the 18th? The 18th, the daily context is this. Hang on a second here. Let me get this out of here. I hate this vertical mouse. I'm using my wife's vertical mouse cuz mine's crapped up. If you guys know about a good vertical mouse, let me know. I had the Logitech MX Vertical and um I only got four years of use out of it. I don't know if they just don't build, you know, mice like they used to, but it doesn't doesn't I don't feel great about that. Um my old mouse before that probably lasted 20 years. So So I don't love that. Anyway, um for the right here, the daily context on the 18th was um here. So on the 18th, we had now broken down from all of this supply. we had rejected from the low of this prior all-time high structure. So, I'm thinking, you know, I think it's reasonable to join the buyers. Remember, we're talking about these waves, right? The daily is in a downtrend. It's breaking down. There's overhead supply. And from a session to session perspective, Val's moving lower. So, I was thinking on the 18th, okay, we try to join these sellers. Um, here. All right. So, I think there was a stopout earlier. No. Uh, no. Okay. So, oh, I think the risk was just not good enough for to play to the L1. So, I passed on it. So, that was good. Um, all right. So, at 940, I say, "Hey, listen. I'm going to sell this pass back under the uh point of control and the daily value area low." So, the daily value area low was here um here. Doesn't seem right. Hang on a second here. Let me just make sure 18. Oh, yeah, it was. Yeah. So, here's the value area low and the prior days point of control is actually over here. That's where all this is happening. So, um let's see here. So, there's two two reasons to be a seller there, right? I'm thinking, okay, as long as we're under the daily value area low, value is moving lower on the daily time frame. And then from a session to session perspective, if these sellers can sell can hold under the prior day's point of control. So, the 18th is over uh here, right? So here's that point of control. So you can see the structure of the candles and compare right these candles over here are these candles over here. Right? So the daily value area low is right there. The point of control is right there. Um so I just try that cell the uh cell here passing under the point of control. Chop it up at I think 42.4 first. Uh yes, looking for a chop above 342.4 and that's at 940. Yep. Um, and why was that? Just because this is the low from over here that didn't see fall through. So the this is the regular trading hours. And you see this lower low here, they couldn't follow through. You break back above it. If they're going to have problems here, where should they try to get back to doing again? Always trying to affirm or negate prior structure, right? So if you fail, the sellers failed to see follow through here, but then they stop the buyers here. What are they going to do? They're going to try to see follow through again under where they failed before, right? It's like a war. you're just kind of pushing back and forth trying to take these key areas, you know. Um, all right. So, whatever. Gave it a stop blah blah blah. Chopped it up 42.8. Looking for more above the regular trading hours low. So, here's the regular trading hours. I chop it out some chop it up some more. And then I don't know why there's a third one here. I was looking for more exit, but I don't get that exit, I don't think. Wait. No, I don't get a third exit here. I must have been like thinking, okay, what where what what what might be the next target, but I think I wanted it deeper. Um, so I just stopped out the rest over here. And at the same time, I also did a pair trade on the ES, which was bought the ES, passed back over the open looking for the diva chop. I don't really recall that, but it was a fast top out, so that's probably why. Um, let's see here. Okay, I remember now. So, this is a pair trade. I was thinking, all right, uh on the 18th, the ES was over here. Uh 18th ES was here. So, I was thinking, all right, well, if we're not going to move down to this value area low, then potentially we're seeing a pass back over the point of control. And I wanted to make sure I wasn't watching my work, you know, like this time it didn't work out for me, but I mean, it worked out okay, right? like you when you're whenever you're doing a pair trade, you're expecting one of them to well not really actually technically when you're doing the classical definition of a pair trade is they should both work in your favor. Um but um you know not always right. So either way I was thinking let me just get some long exposure as well in case I'm wrong about this uh short trade which actually was right. we didn't follow through to to the downside, but I didn't stick around to to to play later in the session for the ES because we did see strength later in the day, but I don't I don't like to do that. And um this was a really solid Deepo setup that uh I I was calling out for, but I didn't take it because I I just I get distracted in the middle of a day. So anyway, that was just a quick stopout. No biggie. Um the RTY cell makes up for it, but it was just because of the ES stop. It was like a pretty much nothing day. Um, okay. So, the next day, 19th, I sold again the the YOX setup. So, that's over here. So, once again, it's just another setup off of the prior days point of control. That's this candle over here. And the daily context for the 19th looks like this. uh looked like this. So, we opened up here and I was thinking, all right, well, yesterday didn't work out so well, but they got caught up right at that point of control. So, I'm thinking reasonable to still try to join these sellers because from a session to session perspective, value was just overlapping, right? So, yes, these buyers controlled this day, but they didn't really create any meaningful change. Value was complete, this value area was completely within the value area the prior day. Additionally, they had problems. Well, actually, I didn't know that yet. Um, so I was thinking, okay, if we reject from this supply, then the sellers are just going to keep pressing it. So, uh, again, this is a situation where I get the, uh, just chop and stop. So, let's see. Sold RTY chopped 60.8. I don't know what that was. 60.8. Oh, looking for a div.a back test. So that's where the development value of every high was at the time. And so I just chopped it up there for 1.5, chop it up at the open and then stop out the rest. And then that was it for that day as well. Quick and easy. I mean, honestly, it doesn't take much, you know, for futures trade. So that's a pretty solid day. Let's see. It's like that's a pretty solid day. Um, and then later on in this session, so this was a pretty solid day in and of itself, but later on in the session, I also grabbed a ENQ cell. And this was kind of an error. Um, so I talk about this error here. So let's see. ENQ is over here. And it was the same logic. Um, rather the logic that I was talking about over here. These sellers are just, you know, picking up where they left off in the prior day. As long as you can hold under this guy. I was looking at that at the NQ. So this is the 19th over here. um we're over here. And so this end of the day structure again always trying to affirm or negate what happened before the inability to hold over it, this rolling back down under it had me thinking, okay, these sellers are trying to press the issue here. So I I try to sell under here over here under this structure. That was the context for this later day sell. So, let's see. For the NQ was here, We hide all this stuff here. We don't need any of that. Uh, I probably don't need any of this stuff either. Whatever. Let me just leave it up for now. I'm not sure that's from the 19th or not. Oh, it is. Okay. So this uh 686 level, that's this guy over here, 686 over here, right? So I'm thinking, all right, I I think a sell under 686 is reasonable. However, I messed up. I sold under 645.75 because I I had this line over here marked up from a a play that I was looking out for in the earlier in the session and I had left it up there. So I confused that level with this level. So that was honestly a really big error. Um, but that's over here. And I realized the error and because I realized the error, I just start taking this position off. And I was just looking for get to get to the uh let's see where is it? Looking for Okay, so this is the context of the of the setup. So I'm here with a test of low of yesterday's end day structure 24686. I'm just calling out this key level. I'm always looking forward to to to you know calling out these key levels to know where I would be willing to play. Um, and so I make this error. 64575 is certainly not uh 686. And then I say I I chopped it up over here. Um, oh, I was looking for a chop above the open. So the open is over here. I failed to mark it up. The open is here. Um, so chopped it up over the open and then I took another exit at the PDC. The PDC moved now. So, it's not marked up, but I was just thinking I I need to get out of this trade because it was an error. Um, so let me just do it wherever there's potential for change. So, the open in the PDC, the prior days close is where there's potential for change. So, that was honestly pretty solid exit. And then later on in this session, I was I was doing some back testing work, so I was distracted. And then uh later on the session, I do it again. Uh 134. Oh, that's over here. This all of this stuff should be over here. Um 1:34. No, no, 2:00. Yeah. So, it's over here. So, finally at 2:00 I get it right. Now, this is the 686 uh level. So, I sold the 686 looking for a 63675 back test. And 63675 is just this high over here. And the reason why I was interested in this guy is because this is the breakout point, right? Like this was this higher low, higher high over here. And then the sellers, they try to negate it. If these the sellers can't negate it, uh rather the sellers did negate it, but the buyers get back over it. So, if these sellers are going to press the issue again, the first the first breakout they should try to negate is this guy. And you can see how they battle it out here for so long. So, very happy to take that first chop there and then take another chop at the open. And then the last chop was at the developing value area low and yesterday's value area low. And the reason for that is because on this day we were waiting for FOMC minutes and NVDA earnings, no MVD earnings was after the bell. And so the the context was this. I think this was honestly a really great exit because value was very much overlapping, right? These buyers, these sellers in the beginning of the day, they had the opportunity to move value lower by with such a weak open and they failed. And then the buyers had a really good opportunity to move value higher by holding over the prior days value area high and then they failed by rolling back down under here. So, if I'm going to hit a sell here against this structure, I'm thinking pretty reasonable to chop it up before this the belly area low test at the developing value area low of the session. And that ended up being the low of the day or the low of that move. So, quite happy with that exit over here. I just chopped it up at the development value area low test. And this ended up being a monster day from, you know, just that small base hit in the rut and then, you know, three chops in the ENQ. And part of the reason why I was uh interested in this setup is because the volatility had had was like pretty beefy now because you know there had been some fear in the market. So it was a pretty straightforward setup off of a structure that these buyers failed to hold over and the market already told us, hey, they're playing defense here. Play defense, play defense. So I figured it was pretty reasonable to make another attempt here. Um anyway, that's the whole context of uh that setup. And then oh that was it. Um, yeah, that was the exit uh trade. And then I didn't do anything Thursday because I missed the setup. I remember wanting this setup. So on Thursday, I wanted to it was a gap up. So I wanted to do something like this, but I I just missed it. I wasn't paying attention. Uh because on a big gap day, very often what you get is gap and hold. Now that's obviously not what we got on Thursday, but it is what we got initially where you have this big gap and then you just kind of trade sideways for a while. So typically when you when you get a gap and hold like that if you want to play you want to play with the direction of the gap as long as there's incomplete gap fill. And so then if there's going to be an incomplete gap fill and it's going to be a potential gap and hole because it's a big gap then that sets up the plays at the developing value area low for balance and then balance with a potential follow-through. So I missed that. Even though this would have been a really great setup and even though it didn't wouldn't have stuck, this still would have been a great day either way. Missed that on Thursday. And then because what I thought would happen didn't, I just stay patient and I just didn't do anything because I don't want to rush into anything. Uh, and that's that's just my pref, you know, preference. And then on Friday, I did a live trade. Um, but this was during our morning stream. On Friday, I do our community's morning stream just to do coverage for the market, keep things in perspective or whatever. Um, so I don't have any of the post for it, but I can walk you through it. I remember very, very well. Um, it was just this. And again, these uh you know um you don't have to take my word for it. You can join the community and watch the stream archive. I talk through this trade. And that was just here. Um oh, I didn't I didn't do the overnight high. The overnight high here. Hang on a second. Oh, I know why. It's because it's the uh daytime for reference. Um all right. So the logic for this sell was just that the if the sellers were going to play defense here then hold on it's not just that I think okay I was thinking the sellers are just picking up where they left off in the prior day as long as they can hold this the end of the prior day was this balance of them then breakdown so despite the fact that these buyers were you know controlling the morning so far they didn't really prove anything yet right they in order for them to prove something they have to take out this guy otherwise if we just did something like this blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah and then break down sellers are just picking up where they left off and I was thinking okay well on Friday if we do keep selling from here they should try to get here they should try to get here so that's that was my thinking obviously it didn't stick but it's I still got two exits so it was a pretty solid um trade although I I missed this exit initially by a tick so the first exit the the sell is here the pass back under the overnight high and again I I laid all this out before even the open before it was like 9:20 or whatever when I talked through this trade. Then I set it up. Wait for it to happen. It occurred during our our live stream. Sold it. Stop is over here. First chop is a developing point of control. And the next chop I was looking for the developing value area low. It misses me by a tick. Makes me sweat for a while and then I do get that exit over here and then stop out the rest later in the session. And so that was it. Um yeah, that was pretty much it. So anyway, if you are interested in uh getting these, you know, these uh updates or whatever, morning rundown where I lay out the context for you, chat with a bunch of fellas, you know, day in and day out. One of our guys just hit a not not futures room specifically, but one of our members just hit the seven figure mark. That's always a big deal. So that's awesome. Shout out to So um yeah, jo check out our community. It's a great place to learn. you know, it's super friendly, very supportive, lots of educational materials. You can chat with any of the chart guys. Dan's always poking around the room, you know, gain some insight into his perspective. Um, and if you're interested in getting Trade Zone sent to your mailbox, email, whatever, every week to novel ideas. Any trade that I do take, I will post live calls for them, just like these comments, but obviously they're swinging trades, so, you know, it's uh not going to be as frequent. Um, check out the spring report links in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.