============================================================
Video: rC73_rAKogk
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Trade Wars Heat Up Again!
Date: 2025-05-25
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 11447
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:37.760616
============================================================

A weak 20-year bond auction affirming the US credit downgrade and deteriorating trade talks with the EU emboldened sellers last week. So, uh, will the market continue to climb this wall of worry as it has been for quite some time now or, uh, is fear coming back into the market and how are we going to assess the situation as it develops to know, you know, which scenario we're looking at? Uh, my name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart guys team for over half of that where I head up our futures room at Spring Report. And in this video, we'll cover all that and more. Uh, so let's get into it here. Okay, so starting off with SPY, and I guess we should talk about like the fundamental developments. Um, first off, credit downgrade. I still don't think it's a big deal. You are seeing the effects of it right now with a week 20-year auction. Um, there's just less demand, right, for for our bonds if our credit is not as good. You know, it's not the end of the world. Um, as we've spoken about in the last issue or last uh video, as long as you know, America has hedged status and our bonds are the safest place to store value uh and and the dollar is a reserve currency, global reserve currency, then there's not that much to worry about, you know, bigger picture long term. It is some uncertainty though and so it is reasonable to see those effects start to come to fruition. Now, I think uh what we what we probably could talk more should talk more about is um the deteriorating trade talks. Not because it's a big deal, but I don't recall how much we've talked about this in in prior videos. We talk about this very regularly in our streams. And you know, I kind of in my mind they're all like it's like one running narrative that I'm constantly talking about. So, I kind of forget when I said what. Um, but recall, I feel like we've talked about it on these videos before, but recall that the cycle for this kind of deal is, uh, the ruling reason essentially is what you want to be mindful of, right? The ruling reason just being what the market cares about primarily. Um, the market is always going to care about the economy. They're not the same thing, right? The economy and the market are two different things, but the market is like pretty much just looking forward to the economy like couple quarters or so, right? And so we care a lot about the economy because if the economy is doing well then that should that means the companies are doing well. If companies are doing well that means the market is doing well theoretically right this is typically the case. Um so the cycle that we typically see right is jobs and inflation right we we want to know how is the economy based off of these two metrics um what how these two things are will affect what the Fed does, right? whe whether they raise rates or lower rates or you know buy up assets or whatnot and the trade trade wars right tariffs will should are inflationary right they will be inflationary and so how that in how much inflation it causes um obviously we we don't really know right that takes time for these uh readings to shake out and then then the Fed starts making their decisions so we always care about the economy and the reason why we care about trade wars right now is because of their effects on the economy. So, um that being said, the cycle of trade wars, right, is typically the trade wars are announced, right? The the first shots are fired, tariffs are um deployed or whatnot or instituted. Um then the market selloff, right? And then what will happen next is talks are going to occur, right? Of course, because nobody really wants there to be um trade wars. I mean, I guess you could argue that like those who don't want America to remain a hedgeiment, um, like Russia, you know, China, you could argue that they might China, not really, but Russia, you could make a pretty good argument for that. Their economy is much smaller. Um, and they would benefit a lot from like their agenda is kind of like they want like a, you know, multi-olar um, global economy, right? Where like a free-for-all kind of a deal dealio so that they can, you know, kind of uh, shake things up and try to pick up more pieces. Um it's a very very you know high level uh assessment. Now um that's the the narrative though right the the new cycle narrative is trade wars negotiations start negotiations getting better negotiation getting bad and and then it just kind of always goes around and around and around. So you know we should expect these headlines to to constantly come in like drip in and u sometimes they'll be positive sometimes they'll be negative. Now, when they're negative, what we should care about, right, not so much about the headline and we should care primarily about how does the market respond to the headline. What kind of change is negated? So, now we're getting back to the wall of worry that we we've been talking about for, you know, ever since we've come come off the lows, ever since this big old move up, we've been discussing the potential of the market climbing this wall of worry. And that just means that, okay, well, bad news comes out, but the market just keeps crawling higher. And how do we assess that, right? It's it's it's always going to be the same. How it responds to the bad news is key. What kind of change does it create? So, as of right now on the daily time frame, there's no meaningful change. Right? As of right now, yes, we are, you know, a few uh% off of the highs or so. Yes, we're working on this gap fill, potentially closing this gap fill, but as of right now, and again, we don't know what will happen in the future. We can only say what's happening right now and then make our decisions based on whether or not things in the moment are affirming what's happened in the past. That's trading, right? It's kind of like poker, right? You play your hand as it continues to develop, right? If you're if you nail the board, right? If you the the flop is very favorable to favorable to you, you continue to play as if the turn and the river will be favorable for you. um and unless it doesn't and sometimes you still do play that uh play for it. Um but that's that's where poker and trading kind of deviates and in trading you just toss it, you know. But anyway, uh so what we care about primarily is will the sellers negate the change? Because if these headlines if these negative headlines continue to come in as they have and uh we don't negate this change, right? first change that needs to get negated for these sellers to prove anything is to get back under the daily no change level 570.31. That's a breakout point over all of this local daily demand over here. If we don't get back down to there, then this breakout continues to be affirmed. Additionally, the gap hasn't isn't even close to being filled yet, right? The gap to fill is up down at 567.50. We barely started filling that gap before these buyers stepped in. Now, it's notable defense, but it doesn't mean that much right now from the buyers perspective because this break not seeing follow-through is not terribly unreasonable because it's kind of a straight move off of the lows. So, what we want to see now next week, what buyers I should say want to see now next week is to just continue to not allow gap fill. If these buyers can continue to prevent gap fill, don't find acceptance under 570.31. Ideally, that's the best case scenario, continue to affirm this breakout, then this daily chart is doing just fine. Just like when we were talking about climbing the wall of worry back here, we were saying, "All right, well, these buyers, they broke out. They broke out from here, right? On this day, we started talking about the market potentially climbing a wall of worry. They break back down under this high, right, a couple times over here and over here. There's no acceptance. We break out over this fella." Okay. Right. And then they break back under the level, no acceptance. Great. You break out again kind of over this little local 4-day demand over here. just hold a nice neat back test of it over here and then continue on. That's how the market works. The market is always trying to affirm or negate whatever change has just occurred. And so now the most recent change just on the daily time frame has been this breakout. So again, those two key levels, as long as they're holding for buyers, no real problem right now. Now, that being said, weekly consolidation is underway. Now, we do have space for a weekly higher low. Anything over 508.46 would be good for one. And what we care about beyond these two references, right, beyond the gap though, beyond the daily no change level is going to be 560.76. Why do we care about this guy? We care about this guy because it's the point of control of this structure over here from uh March 10th to April 2nd, which was acting as supply, right? The low of the structure over here was problematic for these buyers on this attempt at recovery, problematic here, problematic here, flips into support over here. And this guy, if you recall, is pretty much kind of a proxy um for the July 2024 high, right? The July 2024 high is over here. This breakout over it is being affirmed, of course, as long as we're over the July 2024 high. And this structure is kind of a proxy for it. If these buyers cannot get if these sellers cannot find acceptance under its point of control, 560.76, then they continue the buyers continue to firm this as demand keeps them positioned well to continue to try to affirm the July 2024 high. So that answers, you know, what we discussed in the intro. How are we going to assess which situation we're getting? If there's no gap fill, if there's no acceptance under 57 560.76, there's really no problem for these buyers as of as of right now. Okay, it is still a very headline risk heavy environment. So it's really hard to say, you know, for all I know on Monday, you know, the China comes in and says, you know what, we are slapping those tariffs on again. you know, like it's it's it's so hard to say. You know, the like it's not been the easiest market to do like, you know, a week plus uh swing trades in my opinion. It's been a much better market for like daytime frame operators who are just kind of going with the flow in the moment. And if that's not you, that's okay. You know, like it's fine to pump the brakes. Honestly, a lot of the strong support plays have been worked out quite well for like those week plus plays. Um I have missed the vast majority of them. I've just been focusing on the um daytime frame stuff just because well uh I I know I have edge there, right? And it's easier to control it just on the daytime frame. Um, so, um, yeah, if you're interested in trading alongside us, uh, you know, like I do all those trade reviews or whatever, um, at the end of the video for all those futures trades, which I I I I always do, uh, live call outs for all of those trades, not necessarily for people to copy or follow along, which, you know, that's fine if you do, but um, just to show you the process, right? And I I personally, you know, I I don't really care about uh, equity curve. I don't really care about your profits. I care about can you can you call out live what you are doing so such that you know it's there's no question about whether or not you are doing this consistently um because you know you can you know you can always fudge numbers right images videos whatever but if you are just live calling out your trades day in and day out I know you're doing this all right I know you're effective so that's what I care about and if you want to you know uh see that in process it's also the best way to learn in my opinion right the best Okay, is to just see what's happening live and then see how other people operate based off of their edge. And we have a bunch of full-time guys who are in the room with us all day in and day out. So, if you're interested, check out the link in the description below. Um, yeah, check out the link in the description below. So, anyway, that's really it for the spy. And then moving on to the Q's here. All right. So, the Q is actually showing you a little bit of relative strength um compared to the local daily balance, right? So, as of right now, the SPY is already in gap fill. It's already lost the low of this May 12th gap up. Whereas in the Q's here, um in the Q's here, you know, you they haven't even begun to fill this gap, right? So, the key levels to the downside then are going to be pretty similar, right? What we care about on the Q's is going to be this daily no change level 492.70. The gap to fill is at 491.54. Best case scenario, do not come down to 492.70. Last line in the sand is really 47868. We don't want to lose this fella over here because this is the problem. This was the major problem, the area of supply that these buyers have problems over here on this initial move higher. It's not really the same with the ES and the SPY. It's not the proxy for the July 2024 high. For the July 2024 high, I'm watching these two guys as the proxies. They're kind of like sandwiching um the July 2025. You have this guy right under it, the gateway into all of this, and then this guy is the gateway into all of this. And so the best case scenario for these buyers would be don't even allow any gap fill. If they can just hold over this point of control, 505.17, and continue to affirm this guy over here as demand. That's the best case scenario because that would just mean that these sellers are not even able to get us back down under the July 2024 high. The next best case scenario would be break under these levels. Break under the gateway into all of the structure under the July 2024 high, but don't find acceptance under the uh daily no change level. That would be ideal. Okay. Um so that's pretty much it. I think Oh, we had trade zones, right, set up. They're not in them yet, but essentially they're just like looking for back test plays. Very reasonable in my opinion to be looking for back test plays off of this guy. It's basically the opposite of these plays pretty much. It's the opposite of this, right? this rejection, this rejection. You're looking for this structure to hold. That's just the logic of of these uh trade zones. And the cues, it's the same idea. It's the same exact concept pretty much, just based off of this guy. It's a little bit stronger. It's looking a a little bit more aggressive, but just because they made a little bit more um ground beyond this structure. Okay. Oops. I don't want to do that. Um moving on to the Oops. Moving on to the uh it's fine to the rut here. So the rut showing you some relative weakness on of course the higher time frames right never made a new high in in 2025. Uh well it did but it just it was just a pop and drop that was actually 2024. I just mean it didn't make a new high over it barely made a new high over its prior all-time high. Whereas obviously the spy the QQQ they're way over that potentially a big old inverse head and shoulders here. And again, it's showing you some relative weakness in the sense that it's already filled the gap, right? The gap has already been filled. The daily breakout has already been uh we don't need this. The daily gap uh the daily uh breakout has already been negated and there is much clearer overhead supply and we're back under the point of control of this early March to early April structure. Again, just you can just compare them. Here's the early March to April uh second, right? Uh yeah, April 2nd. We're way over it still on the spy. We're way over it still for the Q's. And then the rut is showing you that relative weakness. So, um, I continue to assert that, you know, if you're going to be a seller, it should be in the rut. And that's pretty much those that's been my focus lately on the indices just because, um, well, two reasons, right? Like my longer term stuff is obvious, I'm very net long, right, when it comes to securities. And then also the I didn't really want to be a buyer in this like poor location. these days. I kind of want to I I I'm I'm aiming to try to of want to I I I'm I'm aiming to try to of want to I I I'm I'm aiming to try to get day plus holds as well. I want to try to swing. I want to try active trades and swing. Those are my objectives for this year to kind of practice that and move away from like really low time frame operations. So, not sure why this means low time frame, but um I don't know. Um so anyway, that's been my objective. So, I I've just been thinking, okay, I'm going to be an aggressive seller. If I'm going to be an aggressive seller, then you know, you kind of want to pick on the the weakest one. So, I've been picking on the rut. I continue to maintain that that should be where you want to be uh if you want to be a seller. So anyway, that being said, there is still tons of space for a weekly higher low. I don't honestly care about the rinky ones. The lows are what I care about the most. 17173 for the rut. I would say anything over that's going to be good for a daily higher low. And as of now, because we are we have tested the value area low of this early March to April structure here and it's a drop and pop right now with the value area low. The next objective for these buyers should be to try to come back to the point of control at 20546. This structure over here continuing to be affirmed as supply as long as we're under 205.46. And that would pretty much be the best case scenario for sellers. And that's probably where I'd be looking for trade next week if we get rejections from it. Kind of like here. Kind of like here. Kind of like here. The reason why I was a seller um in the rut was because we were struggling to get over the high of the structure. If we're struggling to get over the high of the structure, then these sellers should be trying to get to the value area high, the point of control of the value area low, which is of course exactly what they did with, you know, an initial hold of the point of control, then a rejection from the value area high, and then a pretty much a straight shot down to the value area low, which I didn't do a great job capturing, but I did get a good decent chunk of that. Um, which I'll, you know, review after. Excuse me here. I don't think we did any set anything up. No. Okay. Um, so that's pretty much it for the rut. Moving on to the Dow here. So the Dow. Um, all right. So this is notable, right? This is pretty much the gateway structure into all of this supply. All right. This breakout from September is being affirmed as long as you're holding over this fella, which we are currently not, right? We closed just below it. And so what we care about next week, if these buyers are going to stay strong, um they need to get not allow acceptance back uh under this fella over here. If they if the sellers do enter next week, then the the defensive line is 407.25. That's the low of this supply over here, you can see that the buyers have problems with it over here. They have problems with it over here, and then they flip it into uh support over here, and then that's what leads to this leg up over here. An inability to get to the value area high of this structure was definitely a notable failure and now a move back down under its point of control is affirming it as supply. So um yeah that's really it right now we are it's kind of like the rut we are already in the local area of demand and so that's not ideal. So again this the rut is in demand the spy and the ES they still have a ways to go before they get there. So that's really it for for the Dow. Um do we have trades on setup for the Dow? I don't I don't remember. No. Um I I don't hate it for setting it up like something like this. Maybe down here off of this area looking for us to rotate down to the lows of this guy, but not trade through all this congestion over here, which would be something like this. I just got distracted by my wife um texting me. All I saw was Hawaiian pizza. And I don't care what people say. Pineapple on pizza is delicious. You can uh fight me about it if you want. Leave me comments below if you are uh disagree. I love to hear your arguments, but I will ignore all of No, I don't know. Whatever. You like what you like. Um I like all pizza. Yeah, a lot of New Yorkers don't like Hawaiian pizza. I don't know what the deal is. What's not to like? It's it's, you know, got some salt, got some fat, it got some acid, sugar. It's great. Um anyway, now now that's all I can think about is pizza. Okay, so um that's pretty much it. I I would set it up like this. I think that's very reasonable. So essentially, if you hold the lows of this guy or you don't allow acceptance in this guy, hold this kind of little congestion zone over here, which is actually two congestion zones, they should try to get over get back over there like something like this. Maybe allow for some, you know, potential break with no followroughs under this level over here. I like that quite a lot. Um, and essentially it was to play for a weekly higher low. I just I feel like I'm going to get blasted now in the comments about Hawaiian pizza. You never know who you're going to upset with that comment. It's really weird. Such a odd thing for people to feel so strongly about. Um, anyway, moving on to the dollar here. Um, so the dollar, this is not great for the dollar. It is good for gold. We don't usually cover gold, right? We don't usually cover gold, but it is good for gold. It's probably good for like Bitcoin. Um but yeah, this is not great for the dollar. So the dollar losing uh this area as support is not ideal, right? Remember this is the structure here that that held for all of these lows throughout this balance ever since 2022. So um acceptance back under its point of control at 99.80. Again, not ideal. I don't know if we set this up here if this is during the stream or whatever, but I still think this is a pretty reasonable uh trade zone. It doesn't look great. You know, we'll call it exactly for what it is. Doesn't look great right now. But if these sellers can just prevent follow-rough from here under this guy, then you know that would that would mean that these buyers are still playing defense uh off of essentially ne not allowing the sellers to create change relative to this breakdown over here just like the buyers played defense over here and played over here. That would increase the probability that we continue to balance within this big old range which would then should have these buyers trying to come here, trying to come here. Now that being said, at this point it's also pretty reasonable to be looking for a sell, right? looking for a sell against this daily overhead supply over here. So, I'm not going to set that up. I would prefer to see us drive down lower under 99.80 before looking for that lower high. I still think this is reasonable, but of course, no, no, nothing works every time. But, we shall see. Lots of space for a daily high. Anything under 101.120 will be good for one. And um that's really it. Uh this was definitely a notable red flag for these buyers to not find acceptance back over 10 0.975. Sure looks like looks like we're ready for lower lows, but again you just you never really know. You can't say for sure. For example, here you had a weekly lower high lower low break under this fell and then it was just a rally there. So we shall see. There's a lot of structure built back up here. You know, this was balanced since 2014 into 2022. So, it would be very notable for these sellers to finally make their way back down under this fellow over here. Okay. Probably bs well for gold. Um, I think this was set up for like a like a a member or something during a stream. I I don't hate it, but earnings is right around the corner here, so I probably would wait to do that until after earnings. I mean, honestly, if earnings were to send you into the trade zone and not gap through it, um, I think that would be fine, honestly. But it's just know that it's a pretty high-risk uh play. You know, I don't feel as confident in this location as I did over here. Remember, we we recycled this play twice. The original idea was over here. Um nope. But that one worked out quite fine, too. Um this one, right? Our original idea was here. I have a lot more confidence playing off of this structure because, well, it's it's been a lot of demand was established here. And if you have extension into it, again, it's just such a key structure. It's maintained the lows here and over here. So, the market's already affirmed our initial thesis, right? We didn't know if it was going to be very meaningful when we saw this initial retracement. Um, we had pretty good idea, but we couldn't know that. Um, now that the market has affirmed it once and affirmed it twice, I think, you know, it's very reasonable for buyers to be interested here again because that's just how the market works. That's just how psychology works. It's a matter of value. It's like a It's like Honda Civics is my go-to example for this, right? Like you understand value inherently. Everybody understands value inherently, even monkeys, you know, like they get upset if um like if they if you give them a banana and then you give another monkey a banana and like some grapes. Um they get upset like they they understand that there is more value given to another monkey for no real reason even though that banana is like that's all they really needed, right? like they they have might have all the food and water they need and the bananas just to treat and they'll know they they just have this like inherent perception of value. They just compare, right? And so we're just kind of always comparing what other people think is fair value, right? And so if you have like a Honda Civic that sells for like 20 to 25 to $30,000 and you sell 10 mill 10 um 10 million units of it for that like 25 to $30,000 and then all of a sudden maybe there's some supply chain crunch or whatever and then the prices start getting higher. You know what are you going to do, right? you know that so many people have bought this Civic for 25,000 to 30,000 and now it's at 40 45 you know there's not good value there you're not going to do that right so because there's already been a lot of folks who were buyers here and then there were more folks that were interested in getting that value again when we came back down to that price and then happened again you know I I would not be surprised if this area was supportive yet again but if you're a more aggressive operator you have more control you're willing to um control the trade mean you have more time to during the day to manage a trade. You're comfortable with your edge. You're comfortable doing low time day time frame stuff for example or like you know under week uh under like a weekly time frame or whatever like whatever you're used to short duration trades. This is a very reasonable place as well, right? Essentially just looking for this breakout over this high to be affirmed, right? And the the local area of demand below is is actually all the way down here. So, I wouldn't be surprised with an initial hold um yeah of this area. But again, I would feel most confident here. And if you want to be conservative, just wait until after earnings shakes out and then uh we shall see. All right. So, that's uh pretty much it. That's a lot of space for a weekly higher low right now. Again, I don't really care about these rinky dink ones. For me, the the ones at the lowest one 86.62. I care about that a lot more. And uh that's uh really it for MVDA. like the again it's all about this breakout over here which continues to be a firm technically as long as you're holding over uh 115.40. All right, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin is fine. Honestly, it's not great that you saw this little uh pop and drop over the prior all-time high and not see much followthrough. But at the same time, that is not the first time that this has happened. If you'll recall when we were watching it back here, um right, this pop and drop of course a red flag. Many breaks over this prior alltime high. That's a 69,000 level. And uh eventually these buyers do make their way over it. And and you know, how could you have stayed on the right side of that? If you just look back on these videos, what we were saying, we were saying, okay, well, as long as we're holding over this guy, it's all good, right? This balance over here, all of this balance was was constructive. As long as we're affirming this breakout, which it was for so so long, and then finally you get a back test of it like to take practically before we rally to new highs. It's the same concept now. It's the same exact concept now, right? So, okay. Well, this is not great, right? But it's a similar concept, I should say. This is not great. Pop and drop over the alltime high is not releasing that much followthrough is not great, but as long as these buyers are holding over this fellow over here, it's all good, right? The 105787.37, that's the newest breakout point. That's the local breakout point. And so, if this local breakout point continues to be affirmed, that increases the potential that we'll find more continued acceptance over the January 2025 2025 high uh 109358.0 0 um one. Okay. So, space for a daily high or low. Anything over 1025 is going to be good for one. And flipping this flipping this uh uh this structure into supply would of course be a red flag. It would mean that we are now affirming this rejection from the al the prior all-time high supply. That would increase the potential that we see further balance within this structure again. All right. So, that's pretty much it. There's a ton of space for these buyers to look for a potential higher low over uh 74420 to um watching me, making sure I'm doing a good job. Um all right, so back to Ethereum or rather on to Ethereum. So for Ethereum, I still stand by this trade zone. makes a lot of sense. Uh again, that's just looking for this fella to hold again, which was supportive of price throughout over here. Supportive of price throughout over here, flips into resistance. You can see a very clear rejection from it. It's also include, honestly, we can probably like be a little bit more conservative and include a potential breakdown under this guy. And if we were to do that, if we were to hold this area, uh so that would be holding affirming this breakout and then affirming acceptance back over here, we should be looking for balance like this again. And so hence the first target should be here. So, if we retrace from here, hold this area, buyers should be trying to come back up to here, which is pretty much the same level as these lows over here, which is what made all these highs over here as well. So, I stand by this Ethereum trade zone. Again, that's pretty much looking for a weekly higher low play. That's pretty much it. Um, and then finally for URA, so UR approaching the uh this is not the all-time high actually, but approaching the highs of this local range. Certainly very notable. Lots of space for a potential weekly higher low as well. anything over again I care more so about these guys 1950 is going to be good for one it's really hot right now on the like it's on the oscillators is very very hot there was some news I believe um I forget the fundamental news but essentially it's just uh more investments into uranium or like green lighting I forget hang a second let me see here just check the handy dandy chat room which again if you're interested in uh you know h trading alongside people it's kind of a lonely game you know I really like hanging out with the futures gang because if I was doing this alone. Um it'd be even more boring than it kind of already is getting cuz you know you kind of do the same thing day in and day out. Ah okay. So we had a Trump has signed orders to boost nuclear power as soon as Friday sources say sources. But yeah that's uh that's uh that was the news I believe. Um still technically speaking it's really not made that much meaningful change right now. If you're more of an aggressive operator, I think it's okay to be interested in plays like this, right? Looking for a potential higher low play over here, trying to grab it like that and then looking to play back to the highs of the range. Essentially looking for repeats of these holds over here, these holes and these holes and these holds, these holes over here. Okay, so that's pretty much it for URA for um 30 minutes for trade review. Um the key ideas that I had for uh trade review this week is really just that you know you should make smaller changes. And it's funny because I have said this a lot and I just didn't kind of I kind of didn't follow it in the beginning of this year. In the beginning of this year I had grand goals for just train changing up the process a little bit. Last year I was primarily focused on getting more value out of trades, getting more value out of uh like the daytime frame trades that potentially holding for you know throughout the entire day or even overnight for a few days and that worked out quite well and I didn't really change that much of my system. I just made some very very slight changes. Um and this year I tried to make big changes. Um this year I tried to I wanted to keep building on that and so I wanted to kind of practice adding to the trades and um I think I just made too many I tried to make too many changes too quickly. So it wasn't really following the counsel that I very often give to um other traders um which is no you know that's happened to all of us right like we it's always easier to see um you know it's always easier to like give counsel right than to actually live by that counsel because a lot of time too you you kind of forget right you kind of get used to things you kind of get complacent maybe you get arrogant um I think maybe I was you know I think maybe that was a part of it um and you kind of feel like I don't have to do anymore and um so and if you do come to the market like that like like with me then the market kind of has a propensity to humble you. Um so that's I would say that's what happened to me. I kind of I don't I shouldn't say wasted a quarter but I spent a quarter kind of spinning my wheels here almost a quarter kind of spinning my wheels trying to shift from this um this approach of like just doing daytime frame stuff and then um swinging right like taking profit out and then swinging it. I tried to shift too much I think into trying to add to the trades. Um so um I had a you know not a great Um so um I had a you know not a great Um so um I had a you know not a great first quarter. It was it was okay. It was nothing to write home about and I think a lot of those proceeds you know did not come from the adding approach if I'm being completely honest. A lot of those proceeds came from how I used to do things. For me, the primary idea is to take things slower. Um because and make and like just adjust things slower essentially make have fewer moving parts especially because you know when you already have proven edge somewhere why change it all up and then and then ruin that edge right so um the adjustments that I've been making recently in Q2 has been to kind of kind of blend the my old process a little bit more with like this adding right this this approach to adding. So, I've been sizing down. That's a big one, right? Because I was still too focused on like being performing as well as I have before, which I think is a mistake. And that's kind of where the arrogance, the ego comes in, right? Like I wanted to do this new thing that I'm not wellversed in so well that I can already be profiting in the same way. Um, that was just hubris, right? And I think that that's one of the biggest things um that my my biggest challenges is like I'm I'm very often too confident. um especially if I have you know proven to be able to do something well then I feel like I can do it well in any manner which is just not the case. So um that's a huge lesson for me and a big teaching moment that I received from the you know the best teacher of the market right it's like nature right nature is the best teacher of the market is essentially nature um anyway so that's like a key trade like key idea I would say from trade reviews this week and just in general from the last couple of weeks and then also I think it's good to have appropriate expectations and I kind of feel like I we already talked about that last week um like you can have or a few weeks prior. Again, these videos, they all feel like this one long continuing narrative to me, so I kind of forget when I said what. Um, but we talked about at some point I talked about um like having reasonable expectations, right? Like you can plan something out, you can you can have you can be prepared for it. You can have the right bias and you still might not you still probably won't like you almost certainly won't maximize the potential profit of that trade, right? And it's good to not think about things from like, you know, how much didn't I get, right? Essentially, it's gratitude and contentment, right? Like being happy with what you did get. So, um yeah, uh this week, you know, the trades I had correct bias like the the directional bias was good. I think the trades all made sense. I I don't regret any of the trades, but I didn't really get the big chunk of the move. I got a good size of it, but I didn't get the big chunk of the move. And there were like two sessions where I were either stopped first, I think, or it was just like a chop and stop kind of a a day and like a chop and stop kind of a a day and like a chop and stop kind of a a day and then that was it. And so that's kind of where the adjustments have been good because uh in the last year or so right when I was you know the last three quarters of last year when I was focused on doing daytime frame operations taking risk out chopping it up a profit and then swinging a runner um that was fine but it wasn't really serving me well for adding because I think it was it that tactic is much more forgiving for attempts. you can make many more attempts and because you're looking to take your risk out. If you're doing if your hit rate is better than a coin flip, then that that works really well. Um but for adding you you kind of need more conviction, right, with the with the directional bias and with the location, I would say. Um so, um so the adjustment that I've made is instead of looking to get risk-free very quickly, I've been aiming for at least better than 1.5R. And that's been going really well because then at that if even if I if I get that then at that if even if I if I get that then at that if even if I if I get that first chop and then the rest is stopped out, I'm still walking away with something. So it kind of still feeds my um goal of like not not really taking steps back, right? It allows to I essentially I get paid for those attempts and that's kind of like how Dan has has taught me. And so that's kind of, you know, how I like is a lot of reps in like that. So um it's kind of hard for me to move away from that. So uh yeah, that's that's been that's that's been a pretty good adjustment. So, let me just walk you through these trades so you can kind of see what I'm talking about hopefully. And let's try to be quick cuz we're, you know, we're quite far into the video. Um, all right. So, the first uh uh first whatchamacallit first uh idea or first trade was on 520 and I just said that I was interested in uh joining. First of all, on on Monday, I didn't take any trade, which I think is good. I had to take uh my uh uh cat to like an emergency vet appointment. So, um, normally on on days like that, I would try to press the issue and that's like just not ideal. So, I'm being better with like just, you know, kind of being disciplined here. Excuse me. Okay. So, on um I said I'm interested in joining the sellers and I'm targeting the 3 442 value area high first and I I I missed one right off the bat which is kind of a red flag. Uh but I I was distracted myself. I think I was talking to funk. I forget. Um anyway, and then I follow up at 938 and I just sold the R2Y deepo past I I lift this up because I just want to show you how much better the value was there. So the passback under the developing value of I'm sorry that should have been the diva um was super cheap but I distracted myself from it and that's this day over here the 20th over here passing selling the pass back under the development value area high essentially also passing back under the open which is over here. It was dirt cheap setup and and I I missed it. And that in my opinion that was a very reasonable trade location because you're under the prior session's point of control, right? This this is the point of control of the 19th. The 19th is over here. It's over here, right? So at this point, you're under the PC of the prior wait. Yeah, it's over here. You're under the point of control of the prior session. So, you know, if the it opens right here and so if these sellers are going to continue to press the issue and affirm this pop and drop over this high, right, then they should continue to defend that point of control from the prior session. Obviously, they didn't do a good job of that into the end of the day. But that's the idea. I'm basically just recycling the trade idea from last week. These two cells here and this cell over here looking to get back down here. I'm just recycling it, right? Because well, if we are not going to advance here, if these, think about it, right? this higher high over here over this resistance after holding this point of control. What that should have been the go sign for the buyers, right? To make a higher low, incomplete gap fill and then make a higher high that should have attracted more buyers if they were going to continue to stay strong, right? If we're going to be continue to, you know, have confident buying. That wasn't the case. And so if that's the if that's not going to be the case, then what should we look for? We should look for another failure to move back down to here, to move back down to here, to move back down to here. And it does do that. the directional bias, the over overarching thesis was correct, right? And this is where the expectations come into play. Um, but the the trade themselves, it didn't stick, right? Because it didn't shake out in the best way possible, which is kind of what I was playing for in that moment. The best case scenario would have been to just keep drilling from here. So, um, I saw the RTY deep pass over the high of day. That's at 938. That's this one, right? So, the deep pass is over here. Sell that. And I was looking for uh looking to chop it up at the lows of the balance from yesterday and it was about 1.5R. And so that was uh the balance from oh here. So I was looking to get back down to here. So this end of the day structure and this is a concept that I talk about all the time. This end of the day structure was my first target. Um the sell was under the deep something like that stop over here and this was really good R was decent R. It was like 1.5 R. I think I got like not the perfect exh perfect entry or whatever. So, it was like about 1.5R looking to get down to here. And the reason why that was my first target again is a concept that I talk about all the time, especially if you know futures gang, if you're listening, you know what I'm talking about. Um, it's this idea of what happened yesterday, right? Like what happened yesterday is just continuing if X happens, right? So, the idea was on this day on the 20th, that's weird where all my profiles are. Um, this day on the 20th over here, right? So these buyers closed out the end of the day balancing trading sideways here. So you had this move up higher then we traded sideways. So why am I interested in this as my first target? It's because all right well I'm interested in being a seller because we're under the prior days point of control right and we moved under the open. So that's the go sign for the sellers they're going to try to press. But if they're going to have problems where should they probably have problems first? It should be here. Why? because this breakout over this high, right, continues to be affirmed, as long as this structure is not taken out, right? So, as long as these buyers are not allowing acceptance back under here, right, then no problem. So, if this balance continues from yesterday, despite the fact that the sellers are under the point of control, despite the fact that the cash market sellers are in control because they're under the open, again, this just keeps continuing as long as we are not going to take this structure out. So, that's my first target and then I get stopped out the rest. Um, I chopped it right at 9:47. Oh, 38 to 47, right? It makes me wait a super long time. It did not feel good. Uh, but by any means, it just kind of kept chopping its way down there. So, it took us uh, let's see here, like 10 minutes or so to get down there. It did not feel good. But either way, we get that chop and then I stopped out the rest for tacos. And again, that's fine, right? Because at least I'm still getting a little bit of change for this attempt, right? So again, I'm not looking to get risk- free um as soon as possible. I'm looking to play to the next reference. I used to just try to get risk- free very quickly. Play to the closest reference. So in this case, probably would have been low of the day. That would not have gotten me as much R, right? That would have gotten me just like a one R trade, which is how I used to do things, pretty much one R. So sizing down, aiming for better R, that's been very helpful for like trying looking to um add to trades essentially. Not to say that I'm doing a good job of that though to be completely honest with you. It's it's been better, but you know, I can see the progress, but it's not great. And then on 21 is a much better day. Um but um again, you know, it's definitely it's not perfect, right? So here, oops. So for this one, I'm saying this is the context. Obviously, I do the morning rundown first, but I'm saying, hey, listen, it's testing the 34 to42 daily value area high around 9:32. So around 9:32, it's it's it's testing this guy. um this daily value area high over here, right? So, I just say, "All right, well, if that's going to be the case and we roll back down under, it makes sense to sell that." Right? So, we sell the pass back under. It's a few minutes after the open and uh I'm looking for an open and I'm looking for the open to for an exit and then I'm stopping above the high. I'm just saying I'm I'm open to giving this a few shots and I'm playing to that daily point of control. So, some I didn't say I stopped out because someone else said they stopped out of a different cell, like an ENQ cell, I think. So, I just say ditto, I stopped out as well. And again, that makes made me wait so long. It's honestly quite annoying. But sometimes that's just how the cookie crumbles. And that's over here on this day. Makes you wait forever and then eventually stops me out over here. But my context is still the same. So Oh, right. In the morning rundown, I talked about the structure mentioned in the morning rundown, and that was this guy, right? That's got to be this guy over here. Why? Why is this guy so important from the prior session, right? because this is the structure over here that held price over here, right? It's what led to all the buying throughout the rest of the day. This guy, all these lows over here, right? So, I'm thinking, uh, okay, well, I'm interested in looking for a sell off of this structure, right? Because for me, that's the meaningful area of change. So, I just hit it again. Um, let's see. Hit it again. So, pass back under the structure, mentioned the morning rundown at 10:08. Uh, 10:08 is like, I don't know, some probably somewhere over here off this guy, this guy. So you see the initial move back down under it. And to me there was 10 a.m. data as well. So it was a little muddy, but to me like when you see a big wick like that, it just suggests that there was a lot of supply there, right? And so there was a lot of supply there. And then we move back over it and then roll back down over it. It's reasonable to sell that move under under it again, right? Because all right, well they they they're failing here, right? They failed under to hold over the D.VA. So I just sold that stop over the high with looking for the D.VA and it's about 1.5 R again, right? So, like that. Sell it. Looking for the DV val. At that point, the DVAL was here. It was actually too. Oh, right. Because I just didn't get a great entry or something like that. Um, and then, uh, let's see. Low of the structure is 93.9. And that was my first objective, right? Oh, I'm sorry. 93.9 was the low of the structure over here. So, that's the low of this guy over here. All right. So, I just sold that pass back under it. It wasn't perfect and I I I'm pretty sure I got filled over here somewhere. Like I I hit the market, but like you know, I just wasn't fast enough or whatever. So, somewhere around there. It may have been a little bit higher. I'm not sure. Either way, um that was the uh setup and then potential pop and drop to the 34 to 42 daily value high. So, again, I'm looking for this play to to get back to I'm sorry, it's a potential pop and drop here, which means we should be trying to get here, right? Um probably not taking third shot if stopped. I was just getting hungry. Usually I eat around this time, so I was getting hungry and I chopped at the devout at 10:26 again. It made us wait for a long time. It took a long time to get there. Um, and then I walked it a bit tighter. I walked a stop, went to go get some food. I took out some more at the open. The open is down here, right? So, next uh next target. And then I was interested in a lower high play. If we were to to not touch down on the daily point of control and then bounce, but if we do touch down the point of control, I was just going to exit it. And that's what I did. And so, uh, I was out there. It's pretty much a recycle of the play. And so, like I said, expectations, right? I didn't get a lot of this move. I only got essentially the play from here to here. It's a solid day, but, you know, was it was it great? Not really, right? Like, it wasn't, you know, again, I didn't get a big chunk of this. I only played down to uh this low for the last exit over here here. So, I mean, it's a solid move, right? It's, you know, quite quite a lot of points. Uh obviously, you know, if you trade futures, that's quite a lot of points, right? From here down to here, 20 points. But, you know, was there a lot more? There sure was. Um am I upset about that? I'm not because I know I'm not going to be perfect with it, right? And I was only looking to play to that goal. In retrospect, what I could have done better, you know, was just play for a further objective. Allow these sellers to keep pressing here, maybe walk my stop up to over here and give them a shot to walk down to to get all the way back down here, which, you know, I was I I guess maybe I just wasn't I think if I wasn't stopped out the first attempt, maybe I would have been more open to that. And so part of that is just loss aversion if I'm being completely honest, right? I don't want to walk away from sessions for with attempts from attempts I should say not really sessions um with draw down which is a problem of mine right that's a big problem I'm sacrificing upside to to get to stay be protective like it's not a big problem I do have always kind of leaned towards like lean starting to lean towards that is what allowed me success in trading I used to care too much about being aggressive so that's why I always tell people I prioritize convenience I prioritize um ease of execution and I prior pitize protection, right? Capital preservation is number one. I may be, you know, it's quite possible that I'm leaning too much towards that way. But, you know, at this point, at this stage in the game, I do think for me at least, it matters. Capital preservation matters much more. If you're, you know, trying to grow account very aggressively, then that might be different. But for me, I care primarily about keeping what I have. And then on 2022nd, uh it's I'll keep this one real short and sweet because not really much happened. It was just a chop and stop situation again. But again, I'm just wanting to highlight that you can get these things correct and you know, still not really benefit that much. And you know, it's again, it's it's still benefit, right? It's not, you know, it's it's not it's nothing to sneeze at. Um, but is it like is it like these huge dramatic moves? You know, is is there are they home runs? No, they're like singles, doubles, you know, maybe a triple, right? Last week was a bit of a triple, I would say. Um, but this week maybe more of a double, right? like single single double single double single, you know, but you're getting on base, you know, and so um that this this trade was very straightforward. It's it's again just a pop and drop over the high of the day. And I was just taking one shot of this. I was just looking for the open. That's a somewhere. 1018 was this fell over here, right? So what happened, right? We're like we we open weak, we rally to the end of the day structure from yesterday. Remember the the market is just continuing what it's doing from the prior day. As long as this guy, right, as long as this structure over here is resisting price, right, which it did for for the entirety of the session, I you know, we just don't really know how it's going to shake out. And you you do get that initial sell right here, um which is where the trade is that that does shake out, but it's not the best case scenario. We continue to grind higher. Still the sell is reasonable because these buyers didn't create meaningful change relative to the end of the day structure. So these sellers that consolidated this move. This is consolidation. This consolidation of this move there's no meaningful change until these buyers can flip this guy from supply into demand. Right? So that's that was the you know context of thesis or whatever. And so I just sold the RTY pop and drop uh sold stop over high of a day. Probably just thinking why why was this a pop and drop over here? Oh, the regular trading hours low. I I guess I I forgot to say that, but it's the regular trading hours low was over here. Here's the RTHL, right? And so I didn't sell this one. I sold the one at 18 uh 1018. So that was uh here. So again, it makes me sweat, right? Sell this, move back down under it, and makes a little bit of a higher high, but my stop was over the high. Um so like that. And it's like I I I I remember this fill. It was like picture perfect. So, it's like you almost worry when that's the case, right? Because it just means that there were a lot of buyers there, right, that were willing to fill your order like, you know, right at that level. Um, anyways, but, uh, makes me sweat. And then let's see, I was looking for the open for a chop and so the chop was just over here. All right. Looking for it like that. And that was about 1.8 R. Again, it wasn't like a perfect or something like that. And actually, I think it was closer to that. about 1.8 wait uh for the chop and I was you know wouldn't be surprised with an initial hold of a gap fill level and that just means this right so like we were over here and so I was saying okay well here's the gap fill level over here I would not be surprised with the initial hold and that is what we got um so anyway whatever that's why we take our profits so uh about was 1.7 R so it did probably wasn't perfect entries like that probably whatever either way um chopped it and then it stopped out the rest for some tacos right so again the expectations like this is what trading looks like. That's my point. This is what trading looks like. It's you're not going to like if you A lot of people come into the game thinking I'm going to just hammer this like over and over again. Even Babe Ruth didn't do that, you know, like even Muhammad Ali didn't do that. You know, he lost to um what was it Floyd, right? Uh coming off of like his, you know, coming off of uh you know, he was like sanctioned or whatever, right? I think, right, he lost to Floyd after that. Anyway, everybody has a bad day. GSP lost to Matt Sarah, you know, like Matt Sarah, you know, like um uh obviously he he won the rematch. Ali won the rematch, too. Um anyway, the the the idea the idea is um you know, don't expect and and Babe Ru struck out a bunch, right? Like so, you know, don't expect trading to be like this money printing machine. It's not like that. You know, trading is a grind. It's a craft. you have good days. Some days, you know, the market rewards you. Some days it doesn't. Some days you do all the right things and you're still not award rewarded. Some days you do wrong things and you're rewarded. And you have to call those days for what they are. Otherwise, you you instill bad habits. And that's part of the reason why why trading is so hard. So, you know, have appropriate expectations for what the game is like, and it'll help you weather the storm. If you don't have appropriate expectations for for how the game should feel like ups and downs, um then you'll feel great on the ups, right? And then you'll you'll think, man, this is never going to end. And then when it does end, you won't believe it. You'll keep pressing the issue. You'll make it worse. And then that's when, you know, all the spiraling occurs, you know. So practice that gratitude. Be happy with what you got. Have reasonable expectations and make small adjustments over time rather than big ones. That's those are my key takeaways um for this this week. So anyway, this 53 minutes, thank you for coming to my TED talk. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. Um and oh yeah, if you're interested in the swing report, I think honestly I think it's a great way to you know figure out see how this kind of analysis works and you know we just hand feed you trade setups. So if you're a busy kind of person during the week, no time to look for setups on your own, you don't want to deal with screeners, whatever. And you also want to see, you know, how how I trade these uh levels or whatnot. And uh you get an update from Dan. Dan will update you for any trades that he takes as well from, you know, swing trades or whatever. Um then check out Singapore links in description below. Otherwise, uh that's it. Appreciate you sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. Hope you enjoy your long week uh weekend and I hope to see you next time. Farewell.