============================================================
Video: PIJqi7uVsCg
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Believing What The Market Is Saying
Date: 2025-10-25
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 4843
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:27.392051
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to check in on markets. Last week we speculated about the potential of the metals putting in a top. That's the case for now. We'll check in on the metals and miners. We have quantum names with a bunch of volatility, fake headlines, real headlines trying to sort through the BS and the markets are back at all-time highs. All right, so as we've been talking about, if we do not break the sucker punch low, we're going back to all-time highs. It's nice when you can make a simple, what seems too simple of a statement and just have it be your guide. And so we had one bare day. The bulls defended the lows. We broke resistance. We double topped very confident in a daily higher low. After that double top, generally speaking, you're not going to find the market, the broader market, make any kind of meaningful top that clear and easy. uh far more often than not you're going to break resistance with no follow-through if it's going to be a longer term top. That's something I always keep in mind. Anytime I see a double mark double top in the market, uh I anticipate it's going to break higher. So, and we also knew a daily higher low is a most likely scenario because of the size of that bounce. So, here we are, alltime highs. And here we are back to number one. The bears have not confirmed a daily downtrend in it's got to be six months at this point. I've lost count. Number two, now we have daily higher lows as our guide. So simple statement, if we want to use spy and kikq, anything above 66330 keeps the bulls in full control. One thing that I am going to be watching this coming week, next time we consolidate is I want to see the bulls hold a back test of this resistance zone. So this is a clear resistance zone that we struggle at alltime high. There's our double top. Hold this on the back test for a 4our higher low. to affirm bull control. NASDAQ, same deal. Weekly bull flag confirmed. Weekly EMA 12, a guide there. Daily higher low, higher high, new support, and the back test level. If the bulls are going to confidently keep control through next week, they want to hold that back test. And you can see 4hour EMA 12 will align with that at the start of next week. And if we start with a little bit of pullback, that's going to be important zone for me. If we fall through it, we'll take it from there and it'll be the first little cautionary red flag. But if we hold, we're going higher. As we were talking about last week, semiconductors are the captain of lead, the captain of team bull. Still a weekly stairst step. We didn't even start weekly consolidation. So that's now seven weeks in a row of a higher low every single week. daily chart. Anything above 33240 will be a daily higher low next consolidation. It's not a convincing breakout at this point. If we were to start daily consolidation, definitely would be aware, you know, it would be like back here. Back here, this was all-time highs right up at all-time highs and not a ton of follow through. But again, rising wedges don't have a very high probability in a strong bull market. So keeping an eye on it but daily uptrend will be our guide. Financial sector was our lead bear weekly inside bar. Daily uptrend has confirmed higher low and higher high. So trying to recover from being the weakest major sector. Bulls are hoping it's a monthly bull flag. We had a lot of weekly bull flags confirm S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ. And so XLF is trying to be a monthly bull flag. But just keeping it in mind that it is the weakest major sector and we also haven't really gone anywhere in the last July, August, September, three, four months. So four months we're at the same price here. Sideways consolidation is is good. If you're going to be consolidating, sideways is fine. Uh but again, if we're going to see major rotation taking place in the market, which has been the hallmark of this bull move over the last two years, then just like we were watching XLV, which was the lead bear major sector, and then it shifted into being a lead bull in the shorter term over the last couple of months, I'll be watching for that for the financial sector later on down the line. So XLV drew these the this resistance zone is what I wanted to see hold on a back test and it was perfect. Bulls held right above it and saw continuation. Weekly bull flag confirmed again. Not a ton of follow-through at this point, but we're back to the highest level that we've seen in seven months. Weekly higher low is now our guide. Any swing position stop goes under 141. and space. I would view anything above 140139 as a daily high or low next consolidation. This was a dinky pivot here I don't really care much about. But looking at some of the major names, UNH has been chopping around sideways. Earnings are going to dictate if UNH gets another leg up towards 400 or if we start shaping up the potential of monthly consolidation if it's a bare reaction. LLY also trying for a weekly higher low here. But XLV again, here's that rotation. So XLV divided by SPY, we can see it was a lead bear for months. April all the way through September. That's a significant period of time. That is what? Five months. Five months lead bear. And granted, only four months of a shift. It's only just trying to get going, but it's a bit of a shift. And so XLF divided by SPY, what's been going on? Weakness. And I'll be watching for a monthly higher low compared to these lows on XLF SPY. XLF divided by SPY to potentially keep tightening up on longerterm time frames. Go to the three-month clear zone. And let's see if we hold this again and get a bounce and a shift. IWM weekly inside bar near all-time highs chopping around but holding well overall. Sucker punch low is back here. Didn't come close to breaking it. Weekly EMA 12 guide here. Look at all these tests. And just a heads up, I did a weekly EMA2 rider webinar that's on our YouTube. I did that Thursday. Yesterday I did an interview, 90-minute interview on Big Ched's channel on YouTube, and I'll post links to both of those in the comments of this video. But weekly EMA 12 writer, three, four, four holds and we're not going down if that is support. So if you want a bigger picture zoomed out guide where you don't have to be watching every single day if simple statement if IWM weekly EMA 12 is support then bulls have full control. I feel like so much of my teaching and so much trading, you know, the trend is your friend, right? That's the most simple statement. But it's almost like we need to enact rules that prevent our brain from trying to over complicate things, trying to make us nail tops and find reversals before they happen. And just uh that's pretty much the majority of what at least the initial layer of trading is is stop your brain from trying to convince you that what the price is clearly telling you is the truth and it's trying to tell you that you know there's something lurking under beneath and there's we're about to change and this is it and yeah just find the guide and stick with it. Simple Tesla. So Tesla's a potential weekly cup and handle. And if you're not following on Twitter, do so because I do intraweek updates. These are just weekly videos here. But Tesla and Apple bulls hoping for some weekly bull flags into November because they are both weekly cup and handles. Apple very quickly confirmed it. Apple started the week with a bang and just did not stop. And so, new all-time high on Apple again, weekly bull flag confirmed. That's going to be our guide. We got a daily uptrend guide and we'll see if bulls follow through there. But obviously, earning season coming up with all the major names and so Apple this coming week on Thursday is going to have earnings. That's going to dictate whether we get follow through or not. But Tesla's earnings are now out of the way and it too is a potential weekly cup and handle resistance potential bull flag. Let's see if that confirms to an all-time high 4 hour. I draw drew these trenches of resistance and support. So here's my resistance trench and I drew this before Friday. So seeing the rejection Friday is not all too surprising. And here's a support trench. The support trench is much bigger with all these touches. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Resistance has three major touches, but we're right smack dab in the middle of that range. And uh one of the chart guys members on Friday was sharing how they were looking for a higher low in Tesla and Tesla bears just had full control and I appreciate sharing and vulnerability and all that. Um but it goes back to exactly what I just said. So all day Friday Tesla's chart and price action is telling us it's a lead bear. And trust me, this took me years to burn into my brain. Look for lead bulls with bullish correlation bullish. Look for lead bears bearish. And I used to my brain used to try and trick me and say it's a lagard. Look for the reversal. It's about to find a higher low and join the market. If it's doing this and the NASDAQ is in a downtrend all day as well, it makes sense. But if it's doing this inverse to the NASDAQ, the only way that's happening, you know, we know if you watch Tesla on a daily basis next to the NASDAQ, there are significant bots and algos that are automatically trading to keep it correlated to the NASDAQ far more often than not. And so if you're going inverse to the to the correlation of the NASDAQ, you know that there's a significant enough amount of bare volume that it's overriding all of those automated bots. It's it's such a high amount of selling pressure that it's overriding it and counteracting it. And so if I'm looking bullish because the broader market is bullish on Friday, I would so much rather I mean look at like something like CLSK, you know, you're even late afternoon, you're thinking, oh, you know, did I miss it or what? you have such a higher probability of being in a green trade if you're looking long on a name that's showing you strength all day versus trying to to nail the bottom on a name that's showing you weakness all day and you're trying to you're not believing what the price action is telling you and you're trying to nail that reversal. So, uh, just some advice where I have way less frustration day trading as soon as I finally burned it into my brain that I'm not going to look for a lead bear to turn bull and I'm not going to look for a lead bull to turn bare. I'm going to believe what is being told to me. And there will be reversals, right? It'll happen and then you'll look at it and say, "Oh, I should have done this, this, this." No. Again, just using I'm using poker as an analogy a lot recently because it's nice and easy. That's like going allin pocket aces where you have the best hand and the best probability of winning and you lose, which anybody plays poker, that happens all the time. If you play thousands of hands, it's going to happen all the time. That doesn't mean that next time you get pocket aces, you're going to fold it pre-market if someone goes all in. You're going to keep doing that because over a long period of time, you're going to come out ahead more than behind. And so when you get, you know, one example of something being a lead bear all day and then it reverses and, oh, I should have done this. No, you can't let your brain do that because having one example and recency bias of looking at that example as it happens is going to make you ignore the 80 out of the last hundred times that you shouldn't have looked long on that name. So just keep that in mind as well. One example is nowhere near enough sample size. All right. So, Tesla trenches. I'm watching for these to tighten up a bit more and then I'm watching can the bulls, you know, if the broader market stays strong, I'll be looking for Tesla to try and come from this month of consolidation into a leg up towards 500. Uh, if the broader market weakens and confirms the first daily downtrend in six months, then I'll be much less interested in looking at this as a bull flag. But uh as long as the NASDAQ stays fine, bulls are priming here to potentially make that move. So paying extra attention. Uranium. So CCJ stair step down, stair step up. Decent bounce. And actually no, I skipped quantum. Quantum. Quantum first. So quantum has been a joke this week just in the sense that if someone was caught off sides and is making up headlines, I don't know if it's the bulls or the bears. So we knew to be looking for a quantum top. Uh we pulled back 40% plus and all the major names just and I really appreciated what someone on Twitter said, which was, you know, most people try and and short the front side, myself included this time around, try and short the front side. And this is a good lesson for me. try and short the front side, struggle, fail, and then by the time it rolls over, give up. I didn't give up. I did get some of the downside, but not in the size that I wanted. Uh versus letting it roll over and then sinking your teeth in on the way down where you're in the wind is at your back and you're in the favor of momentum. And it was easier to see on RGTI just because it was a daily stairst step. You know, it's always like, you know, I look at we want things to be simple, right? And then we over complicate things where we had three, six, 10 days in a row with a higher low every day. And as soon as that pattern broke on RGTI, that's the top for the whole sector. And there's significant bare opportunity over the next four days in every name in the sector. And so, it's very hard to do. And I didn't do a good job with it. But waiting for the stairst step would have ensured that you're not fighting the front side and you're attacking the backside and the momentum is in your favor. So daily stairst step down we got a headline. So the headline joke in quantum was you know overnight what night Thursday. So overnight Wednesday night, Wednesday night headline that Trump administration is interested in, you know, investing in quantum and then it comes out the next morning. Uh that's not true. It's not going on. And then in the afternoon, yes, it is. And it's just this back and forth headline game where it's it leads to significant volatility. You know, we're getting five to 10% moves on these headlines. It just means you got to be using stops on the shorter term time frames. If you are a bear, the pattern has been you get word that the Trump admin is looking to do this with INTC or whatever. The stock reacts higher. Few days go by and then the word comes out that it happened. It's official and then it goes up another leg. And so I like these charts bearish because a daily lower high is the most likely scenario. But it's difficult to swing these names short because even if there is a 20% chance that that headline was real, you know, you could be walking into, oh, it's official. you know, Trump admin has invested 10 whatever million dollars into these companies and then you wake up and and the price is 15% higher and it skips your stop because it's overnight. Uh you just got to be cautious of that. So, I'm not going to be swinging them short because that risk isn't worth the reward to me, but there's still great day trading opportunity in both directions. I mean, this bounce doesn't look like much on RGTi, but it's 27%. You get half of that. It's very worth it. And even on Friday, we dropped 11% from the high of the day to the low. We had a big turnaround. Uh QBTS was the lead bull from the lows. We're closing lower than the open the last eight days in a row. And we're going to watch do bears confirm the daily downtrend into further weekly consolidation in this sector. And then we'll look to weekly EMA 12, which we bounced right off of it on QBTS. But uh OQ trying to hold it. RGTI not close there or not there yet. We will be looking for weekly higher lows, but do we confirm a daily downtrend or not is the first question I'm looking towards. So, I just plan on shorter term trading these names for now at this point. And honestly, I had a a wild moment where I'm a big believer in, you know, we create our realities with our minds uh to a certain degree, positive thinking, visualization. Uh I've had a lot of that in my career and I'm a big believer in it. And so uh on on Wednesday we were crushed in the sector and I was just starting to uh establish some swing positions, some longs, just nibbling. And I was really planning on Thursday to being the day I was hoping for one more low and Thursday to be the day where I go a bit more aggressive for that bounce. And so Wednesday afternoon 4 or 5:00 p.m. I'm I'm getting a massage and I'm actively visualizing a bullish headline and I actively was visualizing the Trump admin headline of it investing in the sector and for then four hours later for that headline to come out my mind was just blown. Um unfortunately I didn't get the position I wanted. Maybe I visualized it a little too early, but there's been so many examples of that in my life and in my trading career that, you know, I always suggest that to everybody. Having the positive mindset, you know, doing your best to, you know, my version of meditation is visualizing uh the future and what I want. I have vivid memories of just starting the chart, guys, in the first few weeks and laying in a my tent that I was sleeping in and visualizing this is going to happen. I'm going to do this. this is going to happen and just my mind racing with excitement and uh I I can't suggest it enough. Wasn't planning on that tangent. So, can the bears confirm the daily downtrend or not? Regardless, we're looking for the weekly higher low. Does it happen after another leg down or not? That's the question we're going to get answered this week. There was a little bit of a clue. We know OKLO and uranium has had some rough correlation with quantum and you know the pullback started on the 16th. OK pullback started on the 16th. It's not a coincidence. Daily stairstep drop. Daily stairstep drop. The bounce started in quantum thanks to that headline, fake headline, whatever. uh before OKLO and that is a probability needle shifter daily inside bar on OKLO on Thursday. What's the probability that's going to break bull? If normally I'm going 50/50 knowing that quantum has already started the daily bounce that day and OKLO hasn't yet. I'm going up to 65 70% chance that bounce gets going because it's been correlating to quantum for so long. Quantum has started the daily bounce. I anticipate that, okay, a low is likely to start the daily bounce as well. Just little correlation clues. Again, not enough to go aggressive and allin or anything like that, but just enough to tilt. It's all we're looking to do is tilt probabilities in our favor over a significant period of time and a significant number of trades. So, it benefits us. So, okay, hello, nice bounce. We're going to scout a daily lower high here as well eventually. Same question. Do we confirm the daily downtrend into further weekly consolidation? It's not a coincidence that these names are bouncing off weekly EMA 12. It's a nice visual guide. OKLO nailed it. Our QBTS nailed it. Again, it's not a coincidence these charts look so similar. I mean, you can't even tell as I toggle one to the next. Look at that. Can't tell. Boom. Same same charts. So, I'll still be day trading quantum this coming week. Watch crypto for a break. Crypto has tightening daily ranges that are going to break this week. Top watch for me. Riot weekly back test. Look at this resistance. Years of resistance. Back test and hold. Earnings are coming up unfortunately, but it's a potential weekly bull flag. Back test and hold. And if we break bull on the weekly bull flag, we're hitting potentially four-year highs. CIFR is a lead crypto bull up near all-time highs. More volatile. coin had a big day, but I like some of these minor setups better. CLSK, you know, could this be a cup and handle type of setup? I'm open to it. Bitcoin's got to break bull and head up to the upper teens, but there was relative strength on Friday in some of these names. So, knowing Bitcoin volatility is coming, Ethereum volatility is coming, ETHA, BMNR, uh, just has me paying a little bit of extra attention this week ahead. All right, commodities, dollar, multiple inside bars. That's going to break this week. Very likely. Bulls are holding the back test at this point. So, resistance was EMA 12. That was my guide. Nothing changes until Okay, now it's changed. Do we hold this back test and get another leg up? If that happens, metals probably see a bit further consolidation. It hasn't been a direct tick- for tick inverse correlation. Correlations shift when a significant amount of dollar volume offsets them. just like my Tesla bare example on Friday. And so obviously the the money that's been surging into the metals is plenty to offset any inverse correlation. Correlations are most significant in a low volume environment when the bots and the algos that are automatically pegged to those correlations have a higher percent of the daily volume because there's lower volume. So they make up a larger percent of it and the correlations are stronger. Correlations also pick up in high volatility in the you know if the broader market dumps in fear that is high volume and correlations do still pick up in that regard. That's a little nuance with what I'm saying, but generally speaking, in a lower volatility environment, the bots and the algos keep the correlations more clear. And as all the retail money, as all the institutional money have been poured into gold and silver, it's it's enough to make the dollar meaningless. That will change. The dollar will come back to an inverse relationship with the metals again, but it's not here right now. And so that's something to be aware of, you know, recognizing when do I care about a correlation or inverse correlation or when is it much less meaningful for me. So gold double topped and rolled over. It still is a weekly stairst step. So I guess rolled over is the wrong term. We started daily consolidation clearly. I'm watching after holding 12-h hour EMA 12 as support on this monster runup. Does it act as resistance? If this breaks bull to start this coming week, that's a nice short-term win for the bulls. If this breaks bare, we now have EMA12 as a bear guide on the 12-h hour time frame. And weekly consolidation will be underway if that happens. And then we'll look for a weekly higher low potentially off EMA 12. Silver pulled back a bit more. It's more volatile, not surprising. Weekly consolidation has started. I will be looking to add back again. and I sold half of my year and a half long plus silver position. Um, when Thursday, this Thursday, that was nice. I will add it back near weekly EMA 12. I will anticipate a weekly higher low is the most likely scenario. At that point, I'll be reloading it if that happens. If we get there, I'll be reloading it significantly cheaper. You know, that'll be 15% lower than where I sold it. and that'll be fine for me and then we'll take it from there. But being patient miners weekly consolidation underway again you know you want to how many people do you think out there were shorting miners and got run over because they were trying to short the front end whereas if you wait for the weekly stairst step you know from 77 and in one week we hit a low of a 10% and in one week we hit a low of a 10% and in one week we hit a low of a 10% drop the bare ETF's going 20% the leveraged ones and again in hindsight it just seems so simplistic but there's just so many times the stairst step is the way to go. And again, you know, I I at times will try and get in before the stairst step signal, but time and time again, it's just the one. This one was harder. All right. So, it was a big gap down uh that broke it. So, it's not like we could have entered right on the 7718 break. So, that one was trickier, but same thing. We're going to look for a weekly higher low eventually. Do we confirm the daily downtrend is the next question that we're going to get answered on GDX and GDXJ? Anticipating volatility in the metals to continue, but a temporary top is in. Gold still has to confirm that that top is in by breaking the weekly stairst step. Uh so that's something I'm watching for this week. CL oil decent bounce on the daily. Still have to confirm a daily uptrend. Again, bigger picture, we are watching for a monthly higher low as the most likely scenario. So, an aggressive bull, if you're not in, is saying, "I'm going to look to enter on a daily higher low. I'm going to make a thesis. That's the monthly higher low or I'm wrong, and I'm going to stop out if this low breaks." Another strategy, waiting for a daily higher low to be set, and then using that level as your stop to have much less risk. Uh, it's a potential inverse head and shoulders if we start daily consolidation from here. So, something to watch for. Uh, I'm not going to trade oil. I'm not interested in it. Natural gas had a big bounce. Let's go UNJ. UNNG. So, weekly chart held support. I mean, broke it with zero followthrough. Still battling weekly EMA 12. Most important resistance is the recent high. The tricky thing about something like this is even if we do break bull, we got to be cautious of a megaphone. Again, whenever you break resistance with no follow through, break support with no follow through, keep an eye for a megaphone. I don't have high conviction it's a megaphone, but if we were to just on the weekly chart go straight up from here and break resistance, I'd be cautious of a lack of follow through. All right, hope you're well. Do good things. I don't have any new content, so I went back in time to years ago, and I forget what I picked, but it probably has animals.