============================================================
Video: VjR6xoVhqT0
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Market Powell Pop
Date: 2025-08-23
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 3671
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:35.627692
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We ended the week with a bang as Powell spoke and markets ripped as probabilities for a September rate cut increased again. There's some rotation going on to small caps. We'll see if that can keep up. Let's get to the charts. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right, we're going to look at the major sectors. We're going to check in on quantum and crypto stocks, commodities. I covered cannabis and psychedelic stocks in their own video yesterday. So, check that out on our channel if you're interested. So, over the last week or two, I've been watching for the potential of rotation out of semis and into small caps, and we're seeing that take place, and it's just a question of how long does that continue for. And so my bias from here on out until I see information that tells me otherwise is if I see a setup where I'm scouting short or if I'm hedging or things like that, I am looking at semis and and the NASDAQ. And if I'm looking long, I'm looking at IWM and related sectors. And so that's how I did some positioning this week both before Friday and after Friday. Before Friday, I made an entry in IWM we'll talk about. And then after the power reaction on Friday, I swapped out my hedge. I was hedged a bit in my IRA as I was traveling uh and I was doing so through SPXS because SPY is my largest holding, my long-term no touch position. And I swapped that out with an SQQQ position now as my hedge. So SPY hit an all-time high Friday, but futures did not. And I care more about futures. So we're watching these two key levels. And again, the bears have not confirmed a daily downtrend in like three and a half to four months. So until that changes, until that happens, I'm going to continue to look bullish. It's just such a very simple mindset and statement, if we haven't confirmed a daily downtrend, I'm looking bullish. And that has kept me looking in the right direction for literally months. And so I'm just going to keep sticking with it. And so the low of this pullback, you know, we had a big stairst step bounce up from the sucker punch, new highs, decent pullback, and that pullback was probabilities shifting. You know, we had probabilities that September rate cut was 90% plus. And then we got some data and that dropped down to 73% chance. And then after Powell spoke on Friday, we're now back up to 90% plus. So that's the the positioning that's going on in the market is mostly related to the probabilities of whether we get a cut September or not. So all-time high resistance to start this coming week. And simple statement, if the bears are going to prove anything, we've got to break the low of this consolidation. And for SPY, that level, simple statement, if 63295 is support, the bulls have full control. NASDAQ, you can see, is a little bit further off. So the S&amp;P 500 came, you know, fraction of a percent from the all-time high. On the high of Friday, we were 2% away. High of Friday for the NASDAQ, we were 1.8% away. So a good bit further. Could this be a head and shoulders? Yes, it's possible. I'm not going to assume it is because the bears have not confirmed anything in months. But I'm scouting a daily lower high in KQ and SMH to start this coming week. I wouldn't be surprised if we see something like this. That said, I was also looking for a lower high on this bounce. Not as confidently, but it didn't happen. Well, actually, I mean, we got a tiny one there, little quick one, but uh again, I'm not aggressively doing so. If I just stay long exposure mostly, that's fine. But I just know that I'm keeping an eye out for that to start this coming week. So SMH, same deal again from the high of Friday. We were percentage points away, 2.2% from that all-time high. Do we set, you know, and also on that drop, we came all the way down almost to that sucker low. Again, look at this base of support that's being established. This is a very important long-term level. We've held this level in the last six weeks. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven times. When we lose this, it will tell us things are shifting. and monthly consolidation will very likely be underway. So, we're going to keep a close eye on that zone and we're going to watch to start this week. Anything under 30298 is just a daily lower high. NVDA had a big drop and again holding on for now, but we'll see if that shifts at all. Earnings are going to be key. Obviously NVDA earnings this coming week on Wednesday going to be very critical for the semiconductor sector in the short term. That's going to have a a major impact obviously as to whether or not we head to the high or head to the low here. XLF actually no let's talk IWM. So IWM why have I had interest here? because number one, cutting rates means more of a risk-on environment. Generally speaking, not every time, but uh that's that was something I was watching for. And if if you've been watching these videos, you know, I've been talking about IWM divided by SPY a lot. And I had a a a lean that this chart was more likely to break bull than bare just because, okay, semis have been leading for so long. I do think semis are going to slow down. Where is money going to go from there? Uh, but I was watching this zone that has now broken bull. And we could say IWM is the strongest it's been compared to the S&amp;P 500 in the last four plus months. That's a significant shift. And if you look at again IWM divided by QQQ, you could see three-month highs or whatever it is. So, a shift is underway. And it's just a question of does that continue? If I'm going to continue to be proven right in focusing on small caps, then this chart needs to keep a solid uptrend with daily higher lows and higher highs. And I made an entry Thursday and my mindset was the day that's the higher low or I'm wrong. And why was I looking there? So during the weakness of this pullback again semis were dropping harder leading the way down and IWM was holding up better. Generally speaking if you look at you know let's just say the last 10 periods of of pullback in the market IWM generally leads to the downside and it just wasn't happening. So I don't want to be long IWM when everything's dropping because that's just showing me IWM's dropping slower but it's still dropping. But on Thursday, I saw us hold the low of Wednesday first thing and close strong. And as soon as we held that low of Wednesday, I said, "All right, I'm going to make my shot." You know, that's that's the low or I'm wrong. So, I I went long the ETF TNA. And if if we break that low, you know, tiny bit of wiggle room, 19 cents of wiggle room. If we break that low, then I'm wrong. That's either the low and we're going to see a rotation into into small caps or I'm wrong. And it went way better than I thought it would very quickly. So, bull flag confirmed. IWM highest levels in of the year. And I exited 15% of that swing position to put my break even right down near that low. I'll keep my stop there until we have a new support level. And my target for the rest of the position is a new all-time high. And that all-time high 243s. So, roughly speaking, you know, we need uh just under 4%, right around 4% to get a new all-time high. So, if the rotation is going to continue, IWM should see all-time highs. Pretty simple statement there. So, XLF, I want to see this bullish as well. This was a factor as well because the largest sector holdings in IWM are the financial sector. And we had a really nice little equilibrium here. Big bounce, higher low, lower high. We held support. We broke resistance. XLF hit all-time highs on Friday. That's good as well. That's going to help IWM. So, daily higher lows will be important for XLF to maintain for IWM to stay strong. But getting back to that all-time high is a great sign. XLV has been extremely strong as well. That was another place we were looking for rotation to go into. I think last last week's video I was probably talking about semiconductors. Does it go into IWM and XLV and XBI? And again, the answer is yes. It's just a question of for how long. But XLV hit the highest level in months. Daily consolidation definitely won't be surprising because we have pretty much gone straight up $10. This is a major resistance level that I'm watching up at just over 140. You can see the upper wicks the last few days again getting a little tired. We're going to look for a daily higher low next consolidation, but it's a significant bounce and again we know bigger picture. We're watching for a yearly higher low. I'm not ready to say that's shaping up. We can say the uh the weekly has made a significant shift holding that low and breaking the high and we'll see how long that takes place. And UNH has been a part of that ever since Buffett news. We have an hourly falling wedge that broke bull there for the daily higher low. And so it's all about this support on UNH. Look at that low before the gap fill. Bulls defended at 29471. We held it by a dollar. And if we drop and break that level, weekly consolidation will be underway, but still trading sideways. And there are some nice clues with UNH where it this past week, there were just multiple days where it was glaringly showing relative weakness to the healthc care sector and then a couple days to end the week where it was glaringly showing a little bit of relative strength and that generally followed through. you know, you could recognize it pre-market and it held true through the day. So, continue to keep an eye there. Again, you know, if we do see weekly consolidation, we were talking about the potential of the inverse head and shoulders if that were to shape up. I compared it to PEP a bit. I think in the last video again where PEP had this gap and then it had the weekly consolidation but then saw another leg up. The biotech sector seeing some rotation as well. On that day, I entered IWM. I was sitting there saying, "Do I want IWM or do I want XBI? It's one or the other. I want them both for similar reasons." And the reason I went with IWM is because XLV was extended and XBI has been underperforming. And my mindset was, well, XLV is going to cons start daily consolidation at any point here in the near term. And when it does, I don't see XBI going green while XLV is going red. It's possible that happens. I just wouldn't want to bet that that's going to happen. So, that was my reasoning. Uh, and you know, Thursday was the wrong choice. XBI outperformed and Friday was the right choice. That's the way it goes. Got to let things play out. But, uh, could this be a rising wedge? It's possible. I don't love the lack of follow through. So, I'll be keeping an eye on something like this, but uh, it's a daily uptrend. Simple statement. As long as 8818 holds, the bulls are just fine. We hit the highest level in the biotech sector in five plus months. So that's a good sign. The next major resistance level is in the low 94s. But again, just uh keeping this monthly bounce going. And look at the long term here. This is just I think we talked about this how this support is so critical long term. And it's possible we form a lower high compared to 105 and stay in a sideways range for a long time, but one day at a time. So that's where we stand in the sectors. And again, a major aspect of the pullback that we saw this week before Friday was we didn't get all sectors pulling back together. There was always some kind of rotation going on. On the days when semis and Kikq dropped hard on the mornings, XLV and XLP consumer staples were popping up pretty hard. So it was showing us there is still rotation going on. We are not seeing money leaving the market right now. So as far as our sectors are concerned, IONQ, so the se the quantum names have been trading pretty much with the NASDAQ and we did drop on ONQ down to the lowest level in a couple of months and it's still a bullish chart overall. You know, you can make the argument this is a monthly cup and handle. Uh and I wouldn't argue against that. So definitely keeping that on watch mindset on ONQ. Anything under 46.82 82 is just a daily low or high. If I want an entry here, I'm waiting till we top out. I'm scouting a daily high or low and then I'm putting my stop under that low if it's a swing position and saying that's either the monthly high or low or I'm wrong. Otherwise, remaining patient, but uh the dips are still being bought in this sector. And you can look at RTI. We had this rising wedge that confirmed. We'll see if it's now a head and shoulders type of setup. Oftentimes, wedges, rising wedges, turn into head and shoulders. Falling wedges turn into inverse head and shoulders. And if you look at the two-day time frame, the question from here is, is that a head and shoulders? We'll see. Again, on the monthly, haven't started monthly consolidation yet. IQ already has. QBT already has. But again, we're just looking for monthly higher lows on these names. So unless the NASDAQ significantly weakens and starts monthly consolidation, I expect these names to hold up pretty well. Uranium CCJ so broke to the lowest level in a month plus. Technically started monthly consolidation by less than a percent but again bouncing dropping hard with the the NASDAQ and semiconductors bouncing significantly with them. But it is a daily downtrend. Bulls are going to hope if we reject from this resistance of 76.95, they're going to hope for an inverse head and shoulders type of setup. Again, my mindset is I'm looking for monthly higher lows on uranium or I don't take any trades and I obviously need more pullback than that if I'm going to be comfortable with an entry. SMR has more clear monthly consolidation underway. Back testing resistance as support. OKLO not there yet. OKLO is still holding the weekly uptrend. So, I'm still watching things, still patient here. We'll see. Trades either going to come to me or I'm not going to be trading the uranium sector for a while. And that's just fine. Crypto stocks had a bullish end of the week as well. The Ethereum names have nice equilibrium shaping up. BMR had the insane run, slow bleed, lower high, higher low. And the stairstep break was a nice signal on Friday. I didn't get it. I missed it. I was watching other things on the power reaction, but 5133 shooting up, you know, 8% real quick. And so now I'm just viewing this again as just an equilibrium where anything under 7174 is just a lower high to keep tightening up. And SBET is a similar name. Again, the stair steps stairstep bounce. Once that stairstep bounce is lost, we drop another 20%. Once the stairst step drop is broken, we go from 1945, you know, a quick 7%. Same thing. It's just a beautiful equilibrium. Higher low, lower high, higher low. We're scouting a lower high. There's relative weakness here comparative to Ethereum just in the sense that ETH hit all-time highs Friday. No followth through, but you can see ETHA big green candle and at the highest level in months. the Ethereum stocks are t in tightening ranges. So, you know, they shot up in a a massive move, saw wild premiums to their Ethereum holdings, and now they're balancing out. Uh so, they're just different animals depending on what you want to trade. But, as long as the daily uptrend is intact, Ethereum is a lead bull, and we're looking at ideally getting 5,000 plus there if we're going to call it a new all-time high with followthrough. Again, I've had Ethereum exposure for eight years now at this point. Still holding that core position. And I will only sell it into Euphoria. And at this point, to get Euphoria, I would, you know, I'd want to see closer to 7,000. I'd start considering taking some more significant profit there. I already took a little bit of profit. I sold maybe five 10% of the position when it was in the upper 3,000s, I think. I forget, but trimmed a bit of long-term crypto positions into this cycle. So, I'm in no rush to trim more. You know, I've held through two bare markets, those positions. I'll hold through another one. All right. Commodities, dollar, dollar, weekly EMA 12. How long we've been talking about this? If weekly EMA2 is resistance, nothing is changing. Okay, done my analysis. Gold getting so tight. I thought the break was coming in August. It still could, but it's looking like early September. Again, this is the tightest gold has been in so long. And we keep grinding that weekly EMA 12. And this break is coming. The miners are trying to break bull first. They've they've had a great follow through. GDXJ saw some catch-up this past week. Silver weekly EMA 12 held again. I'm really liking how silver has recovered here again. Still in this swing position for a long time. Starting to get a little concerned here Tuesday, Wednesday, but we're back up to testing, you know, 13-year highs or whatever it is. So, would love to see the metals with another leg up and it's up to the bears to prove something to me. Otherwise, we just keep the longerterm uptrend going. Oil, haven't looked at the oil chart in a while. Trying to get a weekly bounce going. Anything under 69, 69 is a weekly lower high. Again, the monthly chart can easily tighten up for a while. Little shift, little bounce underway. Nothing meaningful, but a base of support is now established in the low 60s. Energy sector has been strong. That's a key resistance test. That's worth watching as well. Triple top wall. We're heading up into it. Triple bottom low. We've been in this range now for two and a half months. When this breaks, it's going to be fairly significant. Possible we tighten up for another couple of weeks if we reject from resistance and pull back on the daily, but I don't really care about the energy sector most often. Something to keep an eye on though. and natural gas. I've stopped looking at it for good reason. It's just as long as daily MA12 is resistance, the bears are in complete control. We're giving it all back. We're testing the low weekly stairst step. No interest whatsoever. Maybe a good time to reload my tank, my water heater. All right, that's it. So, yeah, I'm still doing a little day trading. This is the least active month for my day trading account of the year and that's because I was traveling for a couple weeks. But also, you know, not wanting to keep racking up taxes. I've got some really nice gains in my day trading account this year. And you know, any trade that I take is just adding to my tax bill where if I can take the same trade in my IRA, I'm obviously foregoing that tax bill for now. Um, so when I have cash in my IRA, that is where I ideally want to be focusing. But in up to the week ahead again are just a lot more passive really for the rest of the year and just trying to pick my spots like with IWM. You know that was my first swing entry in a few weeks. Um and that's it. I'm just looking for confirmation. Do we continue to see what we saw to end last week and what I want to keep seeing or are there any red flags? And if I can get a spot, you know, to short a daily lower high on SMH or QQQ, it won't be SMH because I wouldn't want to hold that into NVDA earnings. But if I can find a spot to to top fish a daily lower high on QQQ, I might take it. Hope you're well. Do good things. Thanks for likes and shares and stuff. See you soon. Oh, I need a video here at the end. We'll do more Washington road trip. Heat.  Heat. Heat.