============================================================
Video: BUkHqh-6XK8
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Climb to New Highs
Date: 2025-07-06
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6065
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:18.063853
============================================================

buyers took advantage of a low volume trading environment with no overhead resistance to float higher, breaking way above the prior all-time high. And so now there's a good amount of space for them to defend that prior all-time high and affirm the June 27th breakout. So, are there any red flags for buyers? And how are we going to continue to assess their strength going forward? Uh, my name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the Chartist team for more than half of that, where I head up our futures room and the swing report. And in this video, we will go over that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with SPY here. So, as we were saying, this new break over the prior all-time high that occurred on June 27th, obviously a good look for these buyers. And there's a good amount of space over this prior all-time high now for them to defend against that. So the concept that I was talking about in the introduction is that um a low volume environment with no overhead resistance is actually quite good for buyers because uh buyers don't really need a lot of consistent volume, right? All they need is there to be a lack of sellers. Uh it's really sellers that need to always be pricing the issue here, right? And creating a lot of volume because uh if there's an absence of sellers, then you have all this passive buying that occurs and price will just essentially float up. So, um that's pretty much what happened last week and that was the thesis for um my trade at least on Thursday. I mean, it was a thesis throughout the week, but um Thursday had the best setup for it, but we'll get to that later. Um so, now at this point now, what we want to see is pretty much what happened like back here, right? So, here's this uh major retracement break to a new all-time high over here. And uh you can see how on this break they made a decent amount of space such that these buyers were able to defend against the back test of the 2022 high. It's pretty much the same situation that we would like to see right now. We want to make as much space as possible over this prior all-time high such that these sellers are unable or have a hard time getting back under it. Sometimes the best case scenario occurs where you just don't even get a back test of that prior all-time high. And other times like over here, there's just a bunch of oscillation, a big battle for that level. So, um, obviously the more space the better. And if we do trade back down under the, uh, prior all-time high, we're just going to look to our left for the next key, uh, areas of demand, right? So, this guy was pretty much the proxy for the all-time high. And because they traded through it, okay, great. That's not that's not ideal, but they did hold this guy, traded sideways, and then eventually, you know, carried on. So, if we're going to compare that to our current scenario, ideally, we'll see us hold over the prior all-time high. But even if we continue to affirm this guy is the man, that's pretty much the next best case scenario. In order for these buyers to do that, they need to hold over 605, sorry, 604.83 and which is pretty much the same level as this high over here over this local daily demand zone. So holding over 60483, 6056, pretty much the same level um would essentially affirm this structure as demand, the prior all-time high structure as demand. And it would affirm this breakout over the local daily demand. So, we have very very clear levels um to be looking out for next week to assess whether or not these buyers are still constructive. Even if we just traded sideways, chopped around, balanced around here for a while, that would still be constructive just like all of this balance over here over these this balance was constructive just like this balance over this balance was constructive just like this balance over this balance was constructive just like this balance over this balance was constructive, etc. So, um really ever since the uh April low, these buyers had been doing just fine. All right. So, that's uh pretty much it for the upside reference. I'm just looking up at the monthly R1 because we don't really have anything. There's no uh overhead resistance right now. So, we just have to deal with synthetic resistance. And so, I'm just using these uh monthly pivot points as a bit of a uh reference here. All right, moving on to the Q's. So, for the Q's here, it's a very similar situation. break over the prior all-time high, the February 2020 25 high and it's already kind of you've already seen the sellers fail, right? So, for the ES and the SPY, the sellers haven't even tried to get back to the all-time high yet. This is all just one stair step up. Every single uh daily candle low is higher than the previous one. Um where the Q is you already had that retracement. So, it would be very notable for the buyers to just continue holding over this price action support over here 544 uh66 and just continuing this trend. Again, I'm looking up at the monthly R1 here, 56430. But it's a similar situation where even if the sellers do take out this price action resistance, as long as you're holding over 54128, well then this breakout to a new all-time high is still being affirmed. And as long as you're holding over 53678, then the breakout over the local daily demand zone, that's still being affirmed. So again, very clear downside references here. 54128, 53805 to see if we can continue to affirm this prior all-time high structure as demand. and then also 53678 to see if we can affirm this local structure as demand. If the sellers cannot take out these levels, then the buyers really have no problems. Even if we just trade sideways over here, that's no problem. Trading sideways over prior area of demand is is still constructive. Okay. Uh moving on to the rut here. So the rut is starting to play some catch-up. So the key upside reference that we've been watching for a long time is this 22599 level. That's just the point of control of this big old block of supply over here. This is the only structure in the way before the all-time high structure. So the rut buyers are starting to, you know, get their life together and uh ideally will trade over $225.99, affirm this guy's demand, then they'll be a stones throw away from the all-time high supply. All right, so we don't really care about these guys anymore. We care primarily for downside references. Now, the value area low of this supply at 21940 and then the low of it was kind of like a last line in the sand here. We don't want to get back under 21397 because we want to these buyers want to just keep chipping away at all this supply over here. Okay, so that's really it. Space for a higher low over 21415. And this breakout, this breakout that occurred on June 24th is being affirmed as long as we're holding over 21195. Got a really clean back test of that on the June 25th session and then just pretty much buyers running away with this since then. All right, on to the Dow here. So, the Dow um see technically there's a little bit of an all-time high structure just slightly above this guy, but it is flirting with the new all-time high as well. I would not be surprised if the Dow were to um follow the ES and the ANQ to new alltime highs, particularly if Apple can uh essentially sort its life out as well. Um that would be ideal. Apple. I I was talking about this in one of our um TA Q&amp;A calls, one of our huddles uh in our community that it's likely to be a lagger because, you know, you look at all the other Fangman T names and uh hang on a second here. You look at all the other Fangman T names and they're pressing the new all-time highs or the position to do so. Except for Tesla really. Google's also a bit of a lagger and Tesla is not really that large of a holding. So would not be surprised if uh the Apple was a bit of a lagard here, particularly because all of this balance was happening above this big old chunk over here. So that's what I've been looking out for um recently, but I fumbled the trade idea on it. I think my cat's eating a plant behind the curtain. Um all right, so that's pretty much it. Moving on to the dollar here. So for the dollar making new lows. Uh the dollar is just stairstepping down here. So this bounce uh although it was pretty much right off of this structures point of control. So the buyers are playing defense off of the next area of meaningful demand. Uh you'll notice the bounce didn't even come back to touch the daily no change level. 97.130 remains our key level to the upside here. If these buyers cannot find acceptance over 97.130 then well they don't negate the change of this breakdown. If we lower low beyond uh the point of control 96.07 075 then should be to here next the value every low of this guy that's at uh 95.470. Okay. So, you know, I we we had it set up there. I don't I think I deleted it by accident, but uh if you used it, you're still doing fine. You can walk your stop down to over this guy if you want to tighten it up. Although, I would wait for a lower low first before walking that stop down to 90 above 97.130, excuse me. Um, all right. Moving on to gold here. So, gold is bouncing at this point. Still, uh, affirming this breakout over 320 1.6. I I I think it's reasonable to be looking for like a bottom fishing play off of this. Something like this just to stay within the range. I would prefer it if it was something like uh passing back over here. So if you if we're going to be making a play in this chop, we should be playing to where the volume kind of tapers off over here. So that should be our primary objective here. So if we're looking for like a three-hour trade, ideally what we'll see is something like this, right? Move down under it, don't take this out or take this out, no follow through, pass back over it, we can buy a pass back over this or pass back over this. Ideally, if there's extension coming down into it, but essentially this is like a framework trade zone. makes a lot of sense to be looking to bottom fish off of this area just for us to potentially stay within this chop here just like these plays over here or rather just like this play back here. I mean any of these bottom fishing plays of a range really because this trend is totally fine as long as they can hold over 320 1.6. All right, that's really uh NVDA. So really just cruising still at this point now. I think the last time um we spoke I said I think it would be pretty reasonable to walk your stop up to under 137.40. Now that we've broken out again here, like it's not a super clear breakout over this local range, but it would be reasonable now to walk your stop under 151.49 for any remaining position for that freebie trade that we set up way back when. And if you're interested in getting trade zones just like this sent to your inbox every week, two novel ideas, updates from me and Dan, um then check out the swing report links in the description below. It's a good way to have me scout trades for you. Uh me and Dan scout trades for you. Or if you're just trying to learn the ropes for like, you know, how to approach uh trading like with this kind of methodology, it's a pretty good way to do that. So anyway, that is uh really it space for a daily higher low over 151.49. If sellers do happen to enter the market, the buyers are still fine as long as they're holding over 14618. And if they can hold over 13865 to affirm this big chunk over here, this prior all-time high uh supply now acting as demand as as uh as demand, that would that would also still just be quite fine. And MVDA is like pretty much like arguably one of the best tech it's arguably the best tech tech asset to own right now only because you know they like if you're stuck holding the bag you'll probably be okay in like 10 15 years like you know like just holding it because they have have really cornered the space when it comes to hardware AI space when it comes to hardware. So, um, not that I suggest you do that, but I I think it would be fine. Like, honestly, you you you you'll probably be fine. I've been holding NBDA for a long time. Uh, let's see. A long time. Wow. Almost 10 years. Wow. Um, anyway, so that is it. And I'm always trading uh selling credit around it. I think it's really good idea to sell credit around it. Like sometimes it will get away from you if you're selling cover calls. Sometimes the the price will get away from you. But if you just stick with it and just keep rolling it out, sometimes up if you're allowed to. Once it starts trading sideways, you can catch up to it and then you know and then you you'll be fine. So I highly recommend it. We were talking about that in the futures room a little bit because uh John Stamos from Family House who is now um had a a gender transition, Madame Stamos um in our chat room. He she they uh were interested in this strategy and so we've been talking a little bit about it. And if you're interested in chatting about trades, tactics, whatever psychology, check out our community, links in the description below. Excuse me. So, at this point now, you know, if you're looking for a new position or an add to this, something like this, I think is very reasonable. Looking for this prior area to hold, looking for this all-time high structure to hold, playing to the yearly R1, very reasonable to try to play like this. All right. Essentially, you just want to be in where this big volume chunk is or make your attempts where this big volume chunk is and then stop out if it can trade through. If price can trade through it, probably not not ideal. And if it can hold this guy, they should be trying to come up here, the yearly R1. All right. Uh, moving on to Bitcoin. Bitcoin looks pretty good. All this consolidation looks very healthy. So, right now, remember, this is really the key structure, right? This guy over here is what buyers wanted to hold the back test of and then break to new highs and they couldn't do that and instead sellers have been defending against the all-time high supply with the rejection from its value at re high rejection from its point of control. But now after failing to get to the all-time high's point of control, the retracement was pretty much just a drop and pop at the high of this key structure over here. So the buyers can from here on out hold over 105787.37. They're essentially failing to do what they wanted to get done over or they're they're um uh picking up where they left off where they were unable to pick where they were unable to do before. So they failed over here and now if they can hold over the the high of this structure it's essentially them recovering right from their failure over here. So space for a higher low anything over 105119.70 will be good for one. Again another picture perfect rejection from the value area high. So, the sellers are present playing defense, doing what they have to do against the all-time high supply, but they're not advancing well unless they can hold under 104 10349885 as step number one. So far, they've not been able to crack under it and hold a lower high under it. They could they drop and pop, drop and pop, drop and pop, drop and pop. This is a large drop for sure, but it's just a drop and pop. They move back over it. And so, at this point, best case scenario, hold over the high of this structure 105787.37. Next best case scenario just hold over 10349 8.85. Okay, if you get back to doing drop and pop like this, that would be a very notable inability for these sellers to recapture this structure as supply and then this consolidation. I would just consider all of this very healthy consolidation. You know, it sure seems like these buyers are itching for a new alltime high. Okay. And I know we have uh the old freebie trade zone from here. I think we suggested walking it up to under this guy just for now until we can break out of this big old range. I think some folks probably walked it up aggressively and stopped out from here. If you're looking for a new position, I think I thought we had a new one already. Ah, missed it. Bummer. I still think that's a pretty reasonable place to be looking for trade. You want to be a little bit more aggressive, um, then you just want to use it a little bit higher. Something like this. Remember, we care about this guy now, right? Like ideally, they'll hold over this fella. And we can use the low of it as well as And we can use the low of it as well as And we can use the low of it as well as a reference. Something like this, right? And we are playing to get to the R1 for the year. If we hold here, something like this along these lines would be very reasonable in my opinion. All right. Wow, Bitcoin volatility has really changed over the years. That's only 3% risk. So, that's pretty much it for Bitcoin. Moving on to Ethereum. So, Ethereum uh dipped into our trade zone, flirting with a test of the high of this local area of supply here. Uh at this point now, I really do recommend chopping this position up, pulling any bids lower, walking your stop up to under this low if you want to be really tight with it technically because we did break out of this area of demand over here. Walking your stop up to under 2372.62 would also be fine. Um but if you've already taken some profits and you want to give this trade a little bit of room to run, just keep it under here, right? Because if you if you fished off of here, even if it's just one fill, if you fished off of here, you chopped it up under even under this low, this breakdown point, that's a almost at a 12% gain. And so if you were to stop out the remaining bit for like a 2% draw down or whatever on the on the second half, you're still walking away with a very decent trade. Um, so I would just do that personally. Um, no later than under here though. I wouldn't just come back into the trade after here and hold that position. rather stop out and then uh reinitiate if we don't see acceptance back under 2136.53 which is just the high of this guy over here and this is what contained all this balance over here which is why the top of our trade zone was constructed as such. Um that's really it. Weekly higher low is set here and the odds of us just continuing to you know balance in here are high as long as we're holding over 2136.53. All right, uranium. Uranium looks good. I still think it's a pretty reasonable place to be looking for a back test play here. So, if we come back down and back test essentially this huge block of demand that was in place since 2021, the goal for these buyers would be to hold over this structure. So, if they can do that, that would be ideal. Hence, the trade zone set up as such. And if they do hold over here, they should try to get back to 3914 with just the high of this big old block of supply that they're trying to work their way through right now. So, I I would say no change to URA. um this consolidation is is very healthy. Again, you can see this concept come into play time and time again. Like if you if you get a breakout over a level, that becomes the breakout point becomes the key reference, right? Because the breakout is change and as long as you don't find acceptance back under that level of change, then there's no problem for these buyers. Um it's really it. That's pretty much it. All right. So, on to trade review here. here. So, for trade review, it was looking like it was going to be a nothing kind of week, but then I got pretty solid trade at the end of the week, but we'll talk about it. There's a lot of stuff that went on. So, the first thing was just 6:30. And on 6:30, I just tried to buy off the uh regular trading hours high, and that was because we opened up like this. Um on 6:30, we opened up here, right? So, it was a big old move above the it was a gap up over the uh Friday's high, the prior Friday's high. And so if we just zoom in or if we go to that day, um just zoom in or if we go to that day, um just zoom in or if we go to that day, um we opened up above the regular trading RSI and then we got gap bill. So you know this is pretty much very similar to the trade from two weeks ago where I captured the daily trend uh the trend day. It was uh what was it? It was this day captured this this trend day. Why? Because we were just bottom fishing off of the prior day's high because we know as long as we're holding over yesterday's regular trading hours, then the day plus buyers are in control and that's pretty much the best case scenario. And in this situation, we were there was no overhead resistance as well. So if these buyers were able to hold over the prior days uh Friday's high, then you know they that should have been the ghost sign for them, but they did not. And so that was just and I had to be somewhere so it could only trade in the morning. Honestly, I probably shouldn't trade Mondays. I say this all the time. I very often have appointments on Monday, but I still try to get something done. It's it's honestly a bad habit. It's kind of FOMO. Um, but I still think it was a reasonable trade. So, you know, I'm not beating myself up about it too much, but it was just at 937. So, it was on this pass back over. It was also essentially a hold of the developing value area low. Um, I just bought this pass back over, chopped it up under this one minute candle, and I realized the risk on that was actually not good. I I just I for for whatever reason, I looked at it and it looked like it was better art to me. I kind of still feel like it looks like um sometimes I guess they're just optical illusions. I don't know. I thought this was it's not bad, right? But I didn't get a fill right off the regular trading RSI. So something like that. I guess I was just being too optimistic. Like I think if I eyeballed like this, it was roughly 1.5 and I was okay with that. But I didn't get a perfect fill off of that was something like that. So it was really not good R for that. So I just call myself out for that. And then I stopped the rest uh at 949. So over here on this move down and then that was it. I didn't do anything else. And I don't regret that at all. I think that was a very reasonable trade even though it was a nothing burger trade. um you know you you the the whether or not a trade was a good trade doesn't depend on whether it worked or not right it depends on was it logical was the risk good and was the R there so the only issue there was the R wasn't good enough like I want to be aiming for better R so that was a bit of a red flag so you know that was a bit of a red flag so you know that was a bit of a red flag so you know not an A+ trade setup but the logic is sound right I'm just looking for a potential trend day just like you know again from two weeks ago this trend day was great was amazing um so the Next day I did a uh let's see a sell against the regular trading hours low for the rut and that was because we were here um the rut we oops no we were over here on the rut uh on this day so this day was a gap rut uh on this day so this day was a gap rut uh on this day so this day was a gap down and I'm thinking all right well if I'm going to be an aggressive seller these buyers essentially on uh on the Friday dropped and popped right and then on Monday was an inside bar day and then we had a gap down so I'm thinking all right well if we're not going to break out over this high then these sellers probably going try to get back down to here. If they're going to try to get back down to here, what do they have to do? They have to hold against yesterday's regular trading hours low. So, if you look at the rut, um, this setup was just over here. I just sold the pass back under the development point of control here, right at 9359 59. So, that was just over here. Um, and that was just a move back under the deepo. It was the first time we're under the deep after testing the lows of this big structure over here. So, you do kind of get some deep pass a little bit over here, but we're not even close to yesterday's regular trading hours low. So, I didn't try it there. I figured if these buyers were going to fail, it would be reasonable to be selling against all of the structure from the prior session. Um, obviously that didn't work. I mean, it worked out fine. We got a chop and the R was okay for that. Got a chop, stopped out the rest, and then um that was it. And then also, uh, I stopped out the, uh, shares from the broken wing butterfly. I was carrying those shares from this day. Yeah, from this day. Walked the stop up. Walk the stop up. Walk the stop up. Walk the stop up and then just stopped out the rest. So, that was actually really nice trade. I like I like how I mean obviously technically it all just happened to work out well. Um but, you know, I like that the idea of coming in for credit, taking some off for more credit. I I really didn't have to do that, I think. And then, uh swinging the shares into the next day worked out quite well. something I'll probably do more of in the future. 72 I I I had that idea that Apple idea. So I was talking about this in one of our group huddles and you know again the idea was simply just that I thought it would very it was positioned well to be a potential lagger because it was back testing this uh the high of this big block over here. But I was being cheap you know I was trying to do the broken wing butterfly. I wanted to get it for a credit and I there just I just couldn't get it for a credit so I didn't end up doing anything but man the targeting was absolutely picture perfect. So for me it was just the uh the key lesson is don't be cheap. You know if you have good conviction you know laying out a little bit of a debit is not that big of a deal. Like I could have I could have capp my risk with calls and then once the move got going then I could have tried to recoup some of the debit laid out by just selling some calls against it. essentially building out the vertical but starting with nakeds and then you know putting on uh selling some against the the uh long calls to start creating the vertical you know like you can build the spreads over time so like I don't have I I guess I was just being too um stubborn with like you know wanting to get paid it's like I had a little taste of that KQ trade and I just wanted to get paid for putting it on. So just a reminder to me to like you can just you know hold equity you know it doesn't doesn't have you don't have to be cute all the time. So, that's just that for me. Um, and then for 73, this was pretty much the best trade of the week. Um, I just bought the ENQ open because I talked about this in the morning rundown. So, again, if you want to trade with a bunch of other, you know, traders, full-time traders, we're we're here every single day talking about trading. Um, every single morning in the futures rundown, uh, I mean the futures room, I'll do a rundown, quick video rundown. And so I was talking about what I was saying in the intro where you know low volume environment, no overhead resistance is like pretty much one of the best case scenarios for buyers because again when there's a lack of sellers price just kind of floats up. So I was just looking for a potential gap and go kind of a day and the gap guidelines are essentially you should go with gaps that don't fill right away. Right? So because the overnight inventory was 100% pretty much it was 100% net long. It's it's changed now but it was pretty much 100% net long. Right? because it was a gap up due and the overnight session you can see how it just kind of held sideways and moved higher. So, um the overnight inventory then was net long and so typically what happens when you have all the overnight inventory be one direction typically you should have some corrective activity because the overnight uh uh buyers or sellers, the overnight operators, they're weekends, right? And so weekends very often will come out of the market very quickly. And so if you have a gap up and it's 100% net inventory in the overnight session, uh what should happen is you should see a little bit of correction, take out the poorest location weekends and maybe even completely fill the gap, right? Take out all the weekends in the overnight session. That's the first goal for the sellers. And so how effectively they get that done is very telling, right? And the fact that you got very little gap fill, if any, um was very telling. And so after I saw the sort of wick down, I thought I fired it right off of the pass back over the open, but I got filled over the um overnight high. So I was just looking for a 1.5 bar trade. It was something like that. And I was looking for an exit at 68, which is just a meme exit. Um for me in Chinese, the number 68 is lucky. Eight is lucky. Uh six is like um like a lot like flowing. Uh so so and eight sounds like fortune. It's just a meme trade for me essentially. And so I knew the risk was pretty low on this buying. I mean, I thought it was going to be much lower, but I knew the risk was pretty low on this. And there's no overhead resistance. So all I had to go on was my meme exit. And then also um I was looking at the uh the R1 on the session. So that was my next target here. R1, R2 on the session, excuse me, 23038. So I just talked about that. Looking for uh 968 exit. And then ideally we get that low volume float up scenario. And then if I'm if we get a new low of the the if I'm if we get a new low of the the if I'm if we get a new low of the the day, then it's all about gap fill. And it, you know, this they retrace all the way back down to the open, but doesn't take me out because I have my stop under the open. And I'm just saying, hey, listen, I'm looking for an exit at the R2 over here, 23038. So, I get that chop over here, and then I just walk the stop up for the rest of the day. And then I close it out around end of the session on this selling this selling here. Um, I just I have my stop up over here. So, this selling took me out of uh under here. No, no, I walked it up again. I took me out over here under this low. Um, so that was pretty much it. Here I am talking about the Tesla cover call campaign that um I did. Again, you know, we talk about we talk about everything honestly. Uh sometimes we're just shooting the Um, but you know, a lot of the guys and gals who trade futures regularly, they also trade other stuff as well. So, you know, it's a it's a nice little community within a much larger community. So, if that's something you're interested in, again, the links in the description below. Otherwise, I appreciate y'all tuning in. Um, if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like or subscribe, we appreciate that very much. Lets us know to keep making content like this, you know, free trade zones, free education, etc. Um, otherwise appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see y'all next time. Farewell.