============================================================
Video: 4rbxWXlA1j8
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: New Record Highs Sustainable?
Date: 2025-10-26
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6443
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:20.376110
============================================================

Buyers rallied to new highs inspired by optimism from cooler than anticipated CPI data increasing the potential that we get further rate cuts at next week's Fed meeting. So, it's pretty much a guarantee. So, will it be a seller news event? And if so, what do sellers need to do in order to create meaningful damage? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it. Um, all right. So, starting off with SPY here. Uh, we don't really need these arrows right now. Well, I mean, I guess we could leave them up. These are just like the uh key daily levels that I write about in the um pre-market prep, the morning rundowns that we do in the futures room. And you can see, you know, we pretty much gapped right to the uh the upside reference and paused at it. So, I do think, you know, I do think it's worth throwing these um monthly pivot points on there. um particularly when you're dealing with blue sky breakouts. So like you you know you have to work with synthetic resistances. Um anyway whatever that's uh not the focus of this. So again next week Fed meeting it's like a 98% chance right now that the market's pricing in um at least a 25 basis point cut. And so, you know, assuming that some of this optimism is pricing that in, and it's a very well-known um likelihood right now, if you do happen to just get what the market expects, there is the potential for it to be a bit of a sell the news event. And if that's going to and if you don't get the cut, then certainly it'll be it will almost certainly be a um sell the news, sell the bad news event. But what do these sellers need to do in order to actually create any meaningful damage? And it's really right back to watching 669.18. So just like we were thinking, okay, this was a very notable failure for these buyers to not be able to overcome the point of control of this all-time high supply on Monday with this gap up right to the breakout point over here and pretty much the low of the overhead supply and sellers really getting nowhere off of that gap up. No corrective activity whatsoever. you know, it was pretty good indication that this selling was weak. On Wednesday, I tweeted out that this selling was also weak if it could not get back down to 662.67 because this is our next area of demand that we are referencing right now. So, next week on next Wednesday, assuming that sellers come in and if we do get a seller news event, uh it's not really a big deal if these buyers can just hold over 669.18. And we have some trade zones, right? Uh the sell should be a bust now. the gap up takes us out but thankfully not a big gap to you know uh make it such that the stop was more than anticipated. I did recommend you know booking some profits and walking our stop. So hopefully that was safe and I believe the uh the buy setup you know that got to target last week if you recall I was saying I think they're both very reasonable and the only person the only people who would be interested in the sale are either aggressive sellers who are likely very net long or that's really it. like you're looking at hedge, right? Was was the were the only people who should have been, you know, really interested in the sell. Otherwise, it would have been more reasonable to wait for these sellers to find acceptance under the demand zone before starting to hit the sell. Um, so that's pretty much it. And I think you can continue to do that. Like you just do what works until it doesn't, right? Like we can keep applying the same um logic. And I think the yearly R2 is like it's like really far away, but if we continue to rally over the monthly R1. So if these buyers can just hold the back test of these two demand zones, this guy and this guy over here, it's major point of control at 66918 and the other one at 662.67, these buyers should be trying to get up to the R2 again. I mean, yeah, the yearly R2, not again. They've not been there. It's a really far target. So for now, we can just do something like, you know, like maybe a nice round number 685 on the way up there. something along these lines. I think very reasonable. You know, it's the same logic as these setups back here. It's the same logic as um this buy setup. It's the same logic, right? Because again, these these our sellers right now are just really not proving anything, right? It's not enough to create overhead supply. You also have to take out demand. Okay? And they had a really good opportunity to do that, especially after defending it for an entire week, and they pretty much just fumbled. So, that's pretty much it for Spy. Uh moving on here to the Q's. Um all right. So the Q's a little bit of relative strength from the pivot point perspective, right? Because you know you you gap up over the monthly R1, very little gap fill. So like you know very very often when you get very large gaps um typically you'll get like a digestion kind of a move because you have a lot of folks who need to correct their positions, right? Because for example, if you were a buyer anywhere on this move up and then you see this gap up, maybe you're thinking, all right, I'll take some profits. If you were a seller in here and then you see this gap up, you have to close your position, right? So the people who are in here who are buyers see this cap as a profit taking opportunity. They're they're they're creating sells, right? And if you are a seller in here, you see this gap up, you close your position, you're creating buys, right? And then of course there's also going to be daytime frame operators. They're going to be folks who are very aggressive, right? And they're looking for potentially gap fill. Um and then there are going to be aggressive buyers who are looking to play with the momentum, right? Incomplete gap fill pass over the open or like a deval setup, developing fail low setup, whatever. Um, you have all these different parties and they're all conducting business and whenever you get a big surprise like this, a big gap, very often you get a gap in hold day. I talked a lot about this during our Friday stream. Um, gave a setup as well on the Friday stream using that logic. Um, and if you're interested in that, check out our community links in the description below. Um, anyway, so for the cues now, I think it's the same idea, right? We got a busted sell, but the buy zone worked out quite fine. Um, again it's the same logic as uh these prior buy zones, right? Same exact logic. Um, so I'm thinking now we can apply the same logic again, right? And look for this yearly R2 setup. And I'm thinking, you know, something along these lines, very similar, right? Cover these two point of controls and try to play up to this yearly R2. I think very reasonable. All right. So, lots of space for daily higher lows. Again, if the sell the news event occurs, as long as we're holding over 607, these buyers are doing just fine. Essentially affirming the prior all-time high structure as demand. Okay. Uh, moving on to the rut here. I don't know. Do we do anything in the rut? I forget. Uh, sell busted sell as well. and uh the buy zone already got to target. But um so anyways, for the rut, honestly, I I I don't really love um I don't really love the rut so much from terms of clarity. It looks like we're just potentially just balancing here. But it's very choppy, right? We've been choppy ever since we've been uh trying to make our way over the prior all-time high structure. So, I guess if we had to take trade, I I think you would recycle this, honestly, and just keep looking for bottom fishing against the lows of this structure here. And you can just aim to get to the other side, you know? I really think just recycling this zone over and over again is probably fine. Uh you can probably like expand it a bit now that there's so much fall through over it. Something along these lines. Little bit more space here down to this guy. And we're just basically looking for more balance like this, which would be constructive as long as they're holding over this prior all-time high structure. All right, space for daily higher low. Anything over 240.77 will be good for one. Again, if it's sell the news next week, uh I would care primarily still about 2488. Like I just consider all of this essentially consolidation um above uh this. Okay. Uh I think we have both for this guy too, right? Yes, we had buy zones worked fine. Sell zone is a bust, but did give you space for profit taking. And again, I do think you can kind of recycle this guy. Uh, hang on a second here. I think you can recycle this. H, we'll just do a home zone. Let's see here. You know, all of this balance is over this, right? So, affirming this guy is the man. Multiple holds of it. There's a lot of follow through. I think at this point now looking for a pullback play into this guy. Playing for that R2 as well. It's a ways away. It's a ways away honestly. So maybe play up to like 480 if we were to get some retracement into this area. I think very reasonable for a play in the Dow. Again, lots of space for a daily higher low or a reasonable amount. Reasonable amount. Anything over 46448 will be good for one. And again, if sellers enter next week, I think we should care first about this guy. Honestly, like we can kind of consider all of this as balance, right? All this is just balancing over this guy. So, I would say the first place where we should be mindful, I'll just steal this line from over here. I think 46283 is going to be our key reference to the downside next week. And as long as we're holding over 46283, then we're affirming this local daily demand as demand, which will keep buyers position well for new highs. All right. So, for the dollar here, no change to the dollar. Honestly, the buyers actually look pretty good here. And this is just an anecdotal thing, like a social indicator kind of dealio, but a lot of my mom's friends are talking about, you know, selling the dollar um and buying like Franks. I don't know, like I hate to say it, but like inversing that crowd is very often the right move. Um they've called many tops including like tops in mRNA and fizer during co's run. It's like you know like church group investing and stuff like that. So sounds messed up but I kind of feel like I just kind of feel like that's not a good pay if if that crowd is looking to get it done. Um, so I I kind of feel like the odds of us re-entering this range in the dollar are pretty good. I I really mean no offense to them. It's just, you know, just looking at uh his historically what's happened and it's happened with my Korean mom as well. My my my mother-in-law, I just call her my Korean mom. I'm not Korean. My wife is Korean. So, um yeah, I I I I'm just a bit wary of of of yeah, I I I I'm just a bit wary of of of yeah, I I I I'm just a bit wary of of of the sellers in the dollar um seeing follow through if if that crowd is interested in dumping their dollars. Um but you never know. And you know, you do what works until it doesn't. And this this sell zone has already gotten to Target. Um would I recycle it again? I I guess all things considered due to that that that you know that news or whatever from my mom's friends that would be enough for me to hit the pause on the sale personally and if I miss it I miss it. I don't really care about missing. You know it's like what Dan always says. Um being willing to miss or happy to miss a trade is like is a superpower, right? Because you know the opposite of that is like feeling like you have to be in every trade. Um just not the case, right? you are literally missing the vast majority of opportunity every single moment that you're alive. So, you know, missing another opportunity is not really that big of a deal. Market is always providing opportunity. Um, so I would I would probably pass on it. And if anything, um, you know, we could wait if you want to be a seller to see if they can find acceptance under 96.075 first and then look to sell against all of this, which would be supply if that were to happen. Um, I think that the buy zone I I I would I would be okay with using the buy zone and sticking with that. And uh, if you want to be a bit more conservative as a buyer, then I think, you know, wait for us to see acceptance over 99.800 and then look for a back testing play over here and try to get back to, you know, this the middle of this range again. All right, so that's pretty much it for the dollar. Um, gold is looking fine, honestly. So yes, we had this like pretty major one day of selling, but all that really did so far is bring us right back down to this local daily breakout point 4059.350. And so as long as these buyers are holding over that, well then any consolidation, any trading sideways would still affirm this breakout from October 13th. And that would just be healthy consolidation again of this move higher. So that's uh pretty much it for gold. I mean, I I don't hate buys in here, honestly. Like if you're if you're a buyer off of this 4059.35 level, your stop should be under here and just chop it up like no later than here. I think that's um pretty reasonable. Like, you know, it's it's had a heck of a run already. But if you're a experienced momentum style trader, it still makes sense playing off of this structure. Uh moving on to MVDA. So MVDA, we talked about last week, the most aggressive of buyers are just playing off of this structure and you're like looking to get back to here first. So if you got one fill, I would chop it up no later than here and walk your stop up to under here. Uh I personally I'm just looking to get it done back here. Like I would prefer to see some more major consolidation. Um if we were to make like a new low, I would be okay with that too. Like if we came back down here, make a new low, take these two lows out, don't get back down to this guy, this breakout point, and then pass back over this low, I would be okay with buying that. Stop under the low of the move, give it a little bit of wiggle room, and try to play it back to the point of control. That would be fine. Um, but I'm I don't, you know, I don't I don't really love being terribly aggressive with this kind of a setup personally, but I also have position bias, so I'm already very satisfied with the amount of MVDA we hold and the amount of profits booked from um, you know, MVDA, like the cost basis is like a dollar. So, I'm I'm f I'm fine with, you know, where we're at right now with that. So, I'm not looking to be terribly aggressive. So, obviously, you know, adjust the taste, so to speak. Um, moving on to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin last week I was saying, you know, I would be a little apprehensive to recycle this zone. Uh, looks like it's working fine again. You know, it's already worked a few times, but I still personally would be a bit um apprehensive. Now, that being said, with the market ripping to new all-time highs now, you know, like remember last week's perspective was because the market looked like this, right? We had just done this. The sellers were defending this all-time high supply, which is exactly what they had to do as step number one. And then step number two would be to crack through this guy. So this looked like they were doing a pretty good job of that. Now not so much. So you know I think it'd be reasonable again to be recycling this trade zone. I think maybe pick your spot. Ideally what you'll get is like a move under 108993.39 that doesn't see followrough. Something like this right don't come back down here on the pass back over. Buy that pass back over. Chop it up to the value area high. Chop it up at the value area low of the all-time high supply and then see if you can hold the runner. I think that's fine. Um otherwise all of this consolidation is still fine. It's still just holding over this period over here. So you know no biggie. Daily higher low has been set here 106639. Lower high resistance is at 1140. Nope. Yeah. 114082.29. Just curious to see if this moved here. No. Um, I'm like more interested in the weekly setup. I don't think that's been letting up anytime soon. All right, moving on to Ethereum here. So, Ethereum, I think if you're going to sell a crypto, you know, Bitcoin or Ethereum, I think Ethereum makes more sense, right? Didn't make new all-time highs. It's still just bouncing around in this massive range since 2021. kind of like Tesla. Um, and potentially head and shoulders, right? Left shoulder here, big old Bart Simpson head. And as of right now, you're really struggling, right? It's pretty much a battle between these two structures over here. These guys, this guy, and this guy, the all-time high supply, and then whoops, and then this fellow over here, which is pretty much the gateway into this much larger um all-time high supply. So, the lower structure is what made all these highs over here. And now these sellers are doing their best to defend against that. The more acceptance that you find under 4017.56, the more likely we are to rotate back down to the lows of this massive chop. So we would be essentially coming back here. So the logic is this, right? Like the logic is this guy is what made these highs over here, right? This high and this high and this high, right? And so if if we start having problems being unable to get over this structure again like this these uh three lines over here these three um that would be problematic. And right now this lower high is set pretty much right off that key level 4017.56. That's the point of control of that structure after rejecting from the value area high of that structure. So the sellers are doing their best right now to try to affirm that prior structure as supply which again would increase the potential that we come back down here. All right. I would think they would be trying to get back all the way down here. But there's a lot of value established here. So on the way down, if there's going to be problems, assuming we see down, right? Like I don't know. They are still defending this structure here. This is really just a matter of calling it in the moment. But if we do find acceptance under this structure, take out this area of demand. This is more or less oneway trade. They should try to get to here first and then the next objective should be down here. Okay. So I still think it's a very reasonable trade zone. If you want to be a buyer, I think you want to wait. See if we can find some acceptance back over 4017.56. Then look for a back test play here. Play to try to get back here. Basically recycling this trade zone, but just a little bit higher. If they can move over 4017.56 first and then finally CCJ. So pretty much picture perfect back test of this local daily demand zone here. So you know um aggressive buyers certainly being rewarded here, but again I would prefer to be more conservative. Look for a bottom fishing play like this. Look for bottom fishing plays against this prior all-time high. So, you know, there's not really not much change for me. I I would still prefer to play off of this structure. Um, you know, call it call me a pansy if you wish, but that's I just prefer to prioritize ease. It's just like MVDA, right? Like MVDA I would be more happy to play over here, right? But we still set up that aggressive zone for, you know, people who want to be more aggressive. It's the same for CCJ really, right? Like if you want to be more aggressive playing off of this local daily demand zone, that's fine. But again, like I just, you know, you just look at this chart, bigger picture, it it spends a lot of time balancing. So, I would prefer to just wait for a back test of this uh big old zone over here because we haven't really seen that. Like, if you zoom out to the monthly, this is a straight shot, you know? So, typically you get a big move out like that on the monthly like this move looks very much like this move, right? And this retracement was just trying to resolve this structure. So, now you have this big move and it was a back test size here. So, I would be more keen on waiting for that back test here rather than trying to play for some more momentum here. That's my personal preference at least. Ah, there's like a super loud party going on. Um, all right. So, trade review. Um, let's see. 10:21. Okay, I remembered. 1021 was a bit of an error here. And it's it's honestly kind of a bummer because the error um led me to not have any more risk capital for the last play. Hang on. Where I'm missing one. That's weird. It's fine. I'll just mark it up as we go. So, this was I bought the pass back over 6773. Um looking for a chop in the middle of yesterday's end of day range. So, I was just looking for a chop. You know, I guess I could have just tried to get it there, but I was trying to play for more R. And 6773 actually is just an error. That's an old line that I had from I don't even know where from this day from it's the low of the opening range on October 2nd. So, I mistook that as this level. I thought it was this level here, uh, which was 6766.75. That was the key level because if you if I zoom out here, I'll show you why that's the key level. Uh, here it is. 6766.6. 75. This guy is key. Why is that key? Um because this is the high of all this local daily demand, right? And you can see how buyers play defense over here and over here and over here and they try to play some defense over here on the opening range and then they fail. They struggle over there. Hold the back test of it. And so, you know, that was that was the key level that I should have been playing off of. And um I just made a mistake. And so that was on the 21st over here. Um so let's go back over go back to over here. here. Uh, so I just bought this move thinking it was a pass back over 6773. Um, and it was essentially a play off yesterday's point of control. The prior day's point of control was uh here. So like a little bit move lower. I was looking for, you know, a play off of here to try to get back into this range. Um, and then I realized my mistake. 673 is just an old line. So that was a bit of a red flag. Um, and I I decided to stick with it just because it was the prior days point of control as well. Um, so you know, I felt like that was reason enough to stick with it instead of just bailing on it. Um, but it didn't hold and so I just stopped it out. Stopped it out over here. And then I tried again on uh initial failure to tag that level. So now I'm I've got my eyes on the right level again. 676. It's funny because I I had the level right in the um I typed it wrong there too. So a bit of a red flag actually. Um, I I talked about the level appropriately in the in the breakdown. But then I, you know, I let this old line fool me. And so, uh, I tried again at 946. So, that's just the pass back over here. So, over here, this one pass back and then gave it a little bit of wiggle room and then I stopped it out. And that was two in a row. And I also I And that was two in a row. And I also I And that was two in a row. And I also I made a read error. So, I just, you know, ended up passing on it, which is a bit of a bummer because here's the open, right? or um even if we're just playing yesterday's point of control. Bit of a bummer, right? Because so I stop out on this move on the second attempt. And I think that if we were to just like even buy this one with 1.5 trying to get back to the open here, I think this would have kept us in. Actually, it wouldn't have. So, no biggie really. But you do get these better setups. Okay. So, I think I was thinking about like this setup or I was thinking about this setup. This is much cheaper, right? Like, so there's not good R over here on this one. So, we don't do this one here if we're just playing to get back to yesterday's point of control or the open. This one is no good, right? Actually, actually, it would have been okay. So, maybe you stop it out. Either way, my point is like I ran out of risk capital because of the error. And so, I didn't, you know, I I remember seeing this very cheap setup. Like, it was this one you may you might think about like maybe that's too expensive. But over here, it was very cheap to get back to it, but because I made that error, you know, I'm not allowed to do it just according to my risk management rules. And um that was just a bummer. Um, I think not really a mistake in my opinion because uh I mean the this this trade was a mistake but not firing away for the third time. I think more often than not just being conservative like that um is better. But you know certainly there are times when being conservative um you know makes you miss but I think it's better to miss than to take damage. That's my opinion. But you know everybody has different risk tolerances. Next trade was uh 1022. I bought the ENQ pass back over the 101 10 9 10. Yeah, daily point of control. I remember this one as well. Um, so that's this guy over here. That's over here. And um, okay. So, there's a few things going on here. This is that key breakout point from here. So, that's this level over here. Um, that's this guy. 23179.50. 23179.50 is this guy right here. Um, so there's that confluence, but also this is also a hold of this guy. So here's this QQQ point of control and on this day it's uh the 22nd. So it's this day. So we'll zoom into this day on the 22nd here and I'll show you what the uh play was on because it was a bit of a confluence. So you had confluence here, right? you have. Not only are you uh testing that uh breakout point, the local daily breakout point on the ENQ. So again, that's over here. Here's the 23rd. So that's this low over here. Um but also it's the daily point of control. So I was thinking, all right, it's super cheap to play for that daily point of control. And this ENQ level here confluence pretty much at uh that at that breakout point was really cheap just to get back to the prior days low. And then I played to get back to the one minute candle low because this is a very significant candle. And so if these sellers were really going to mean business here, they should try to defend that low. And then I just looked for the rest out under the open. I'm not sure why it's not marked up here that I did my homework properly, but I guess not. And then I took the rest out under the open. This was like a very straightforward trade because the open was also here. Here's the open and it was is under the open and it's pretty much the value area high, right? So, I'm thinking, okay, well, if I'm playing for here at the point of control, I'm only really confident to get to the value area high. It's not really full steam ahead for these buyers because we are under yesterday's two days of supply. So, I to you know, I think I think people you might you could easily say that was like a too conservative of an exit, but in this case, it was picture perfect. And again, this is kind of why I prefer to be, you know, more cautious, right? And this is a ton of points, so more than makes up for the stops in the prior day. And you know, I think that's a pretty solid move, solid decision, I should say. And then the rest of the day is just selling off. So I think that was totally fine. All those are of course um timestamped and called out, of course. Um that was at 36. Yeah. So right afterwards and that was really it. So that's that's all those updates are talking about. And then on 10:23, this was this is a situation where I think like um being too conservative was kind of an error. So right off of the open, I I mean in the morning rundown, I was already talking about these two key levels on the ES. It was 6732.25 and NQ was 25003.25. And that's these these levels over here. So that's this guy. The ENQ is here and the ES is here, right? All right. And so why are these two key levels on this session? It's because the end of the day breakdown, right, was under this low and then we V-shaped back over it. So if these sellers want to mean business, they got to get back under here. And so for the ENQ, it's here, right? You break down here in the prior session rally, uh, V-shaped rally, and then here's the open. That key level, well, I mean, was really important, right? And so, um, I'm typing that out and then as I'm typing it out, it gets tested. And so, and I I felt like I was kind of rushing into it to kind of put the orders in. So, I hesitated and then it just ripped and it ripped for the entire day. So, um, that's it's a miss, but I think it's worth talking about just because this is like a concept that, you know, comes into play very very often with this idea of like, okay, well, what kind of change is occurring? Remember this is the change that these sellers tried to create yesterday or on Wednesday here and then it gets negated on that same session. And so on Thursday's trade the next day if these sellers want to get back to to break this breakdown they got to get back under here. So very reasonable to be attempting a buy there especially because it was like super cheap R stupid cheap to just to buy that pass back over it. Even just trying to play to the prior days point of control was really good R. So um yeah that was a bummer. And then at that point now I'm just pretty much looking for any kind of trade that I can take now. Um just because I, you know, I just like trading the first 30 minutes or or whatnot. And so I figure I see this situation, this kind of context set up where the um the ENQ has rejected from here. So this is the daily local daily breakout point that again these the market told us it was important here, right? And then again it told us it was important uh here, right? And so at uh 9 at 10:01, this is where we were at, right? So for the ENQ at 10:01 on this day is here. We're already here, right? So we've already rejected from that breakout point 179.5 is that local daily demand breakout point. And the ES also rejected this. So So here we are at 10. It's already rejected. It already missed coming to here. This guy, right? So again, that's these two levels. That's this guy, this guy over here, and this guy over here. So, the ES and the ENQ, they've already, you know, rejected from these key levels. And the Rut was a little bit behind. So, I was just kind of looking for a sympathy play here. And the Rut um the rut missed getting to its key level, which was I'm just using it as like the the the uh uh the lows of this 2-day supply here. it missed getting there and so or rather it popped and dropped there and it was a little bit later to it. So I figured okay let me just sell this move back down under the I thought I was selling the diva but I got filled really poorly so it was more filled more closer to the um deepo and I was looking for 24881 for uh key wait oh that's that's the key level and then I was looking for the overnight high exit so that's weird not sure why I didn't do my homework well I guess the overnight high was Let's see. Hang on. Overnight high was here. So, I was just looking for that overnight high exit. And then um I was looking out for more at the developing value area low and also yesterday's value area high. It was pretty much the same level. So here's yesterday's value area high. And then here's a developing value area low. So I took another exit there. And then this was a very notable failure for these sellers to not touch down on the point of control of the prior day over here. Right. So I I take note of this that they did not touch the point of control of this session and then I walk my stop down a little bit. Oh, that's I missed the uh missed the walk, but I walked my stop down after seeing that. And then I stopped it out later in the session, but no biggie. It was still a pretty decent trade. And so that was it. Pretty uh you know, whatever kind of a week, just a you know, just like a just a couple of B. Well, actually, it was like this was a base hit and then there was a really great NQ trade and then there were those two ES stops, but just a you know, whatever. Just kind of weak note, nothing to write home about, but certainly pays the bills. And that is it. So again, if you're interested in uh joining a trading community where we, you know, talk through our trade thesis and and what whatnot, sometimes we're just, you know, hanging out talking talking trash to each other. Um or if you're interested in getting two novel trade ideas, uh swing trade ideas sent to your inbox every single week, updates from me, updates from Dan, um live call outs for any trades that I do take on those swings ideas, then check out this ring report links in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to catch you all next time. Farewell.