============================================================
Video: _Gn4UvhQfdw
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: New Bull Control Levels
Date: 2025-12-20
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5236
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:05:15.659312
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. Market bulls recovering to end this past week. We've got a shortened holiday week coming up, but now we have some must-hold levels for the bulls to keep full control. We'll check in on our risk on names, some individual setups like Tesla and RIIVN and of course the metals. Let's get to the charts. Learn how to trade stocks, crypto, and hype sectors with a global chat room led by professional traders as well as daily live streams at chartguys.com. All right. So, this past week, we were watching for I was watching for rotation back into the NASDAQ and semiconductors and watching pretty much the inverse because last week we talked about, okay, it's XLF and XLV strong, semiconductors falling out of favor, NASDAQ weak. That stayed the case to start this past week. And then I was looking, okay, it's about time for daily consolidation in the financial sector and the healthc care sector. Does that mean we see daily bounces in the NASDAQ and the semiconductors? The reason I'm looking for that is because as a zoomed out broader market bull, that's exactly what I want to see to remain comfortable with my long standpoint in terms of showing me a healthy rotation. And we had a little bit of a fake out, but it wasn't too bad. The fake out was on Wednesday, and that's because we had this bullish candle Tuesday. We broke the high and started the bounce. And then it was a big bare day on Wednesday. And we even had all major sectors hit the low of the day at the same time on Wednesday. And that for me was a uh oh uh this is this that for me was a uh oh uh this is this that for me was a uh oh uh this is this is concerning. And fortunately I didn't get faked out too much. It definitely led from me making more bull entries and being more aggressive on the long side, but it didn't lead for me to sell long exposure or jump in too much short exposure or anything like that because as we can see Thursday, Friday, bull showed right back up again. And that's uh what bigger picture we wanted to see. And what I like about heading into next week, again, keeping in mind, no trading on Wednesday. Nope, half trading on Wednesday. close at one, no trading on Thursday. And of course, Friday, we can anticipate it's going to be slow with people still on holiday, myself included. But we got a nice equilibrium. So on the weekly time frame, we're just tightening up. We had our lower high. We're watching for a higher low. You can go to the two-day time frame, the daily time frame, whatever you find the most clear. But for me, the most important support now is the low of this week. We can make a simple statement, and I love simple statements in trading. Let's make this game as simple as we can. If the low of this past week holds, the bulls have full control. And it's just a matter of time before we hit new all-time highs. The only way something is going to shift to start to favor the bears is if this support level breaks. So, I am long and I am bullish if that level is support. If it breaks, I take a step back and I shift. And so we're watching our resistance zone up at the all-time high. Bulls are hoping this is the the start of the Santa rally. The technical definition of the Santa rally is the last five days trading days of December, the first two of January. And so that doesn't even start until Wednesday into next week. Pretty much the Santa rally time frame is all two weeks from now. That said, the last five years it hasn't been very reliable. The last 50 years it's been reliable. So the more you zoom out, the more data you have historically speaking. And generally speaking, it's, you know, the S&amp;P 500 will be up 1.3%. I'm rough numbering 1.3% in that 7day trading day window. And then that's comparable to the the most bullish months of the year are essentially that m much. So, it's a seven trading day window that has the same historical returns for the bulls that the best months of the year have over a 50 60-year window. So, NASDAQ higher low set. Again, let's just mark the way I'm just viewing it with my brain. I'm just smoothing things out. Drop, bounce, higher low. Possible we set a lower high and keep tightening up. Again, there's only three scenarios. Bull break to new all-time highs. lower high, lower low, where we shift and say, "Uh oh, things are shifting or an equilibrium that eventually breaks one way or the other." Semiconductors, we're leading the way down. Again, this weekly chart, are there any red flags there? Okay, we had a bull break, no follow-through. We can make note of that, but we're still holding fine in terms of support. Just like back here, bull break, no follow-through. Still a just fine higher low into continuation. So, we'll see if that happens again or is it just the start of the bull break, no follow through, big drop from back here. So far, no major red flags. That low must hold. [clears throat] We're going to look for a lower high and we're going to look for a tightening range probably into two weeks from now, especially with the low volume holiday week coming up. So, just an example of a trade thesis. There are many times I'll say if this name gaps down, I'm interested in a bounce. And that's me being picky and saying, "All right, we're extended. A higher low is the most likely scenario." And I said this Wednesday at the in the afternoon. If we gap down on Thursday, I'm going to look long semiconductors. I'm going to look long Google. I was watching Google 4hour back burner. 4hour first oversold conditions. Look at that perfection bounce. 4hour oversold for the first time from all-time highs with a weekly higher low. The most likely scenario. So again, I could have longed and it would have worked out. And in hindsight, what a new trader will do and make the mistake here is I said the same thing. If Google gaps down, if SMH gaps down, I'm going to look long. So then they'll look and say, okay, MU had a bullish earnings reaction and we open significantly higher from a close at the low of the day. SMH then opened plus three and a half percent. And so a newer trader is going to look at that and say, uh, I made a mistake. I should have bought the end of Tuesday. No, that is not the conclusion to draw because if you long a candle that looks like this on increasing bare volume, more often than not, you're going to lose. What if it was an MU bearish earnings reaction? We would have gapped down. So that's the same as again just a poker analogy. If I, you know, pre flop these two guys go all in. I look down at 47 of hearts. I can't call that. I fold. Turns out I would have had a flush and I would have beat ace ace. Oh, I should have gone all in. Is that the conclusion to draw? Absolutely not. One sample size does not dictate what we should be doing. If that person went all in with 47 and called out of a hundred times, they're going to lose far more often than they're going to win. Same thing on that candle. you long that candle at the end of the day you're going to lose more than you win. I don't care what happens one time. I care what happens a hundred times. So burn that mindset into your brain and moving on. So semiconductors tightening up equilibrium on watch financial sector weekly still a stairst step daily chart still extremely strong. Bulls are hoping this is just another daily bull flag holding EMA 12 all-time high. Daily bull flag holding EMA 12, all-time high. Daily bull flag holding EMA 12. We'll see if we get another leg up, but still a major lead bull sector with very healthy consolidation underway. No red flags. Healthcare weekly higher low set, double top at all-time highs. Could you make the argument this is a cup and handle? Sure, I wouldn't argue with you. The setup is potentially there. Another little equilibrium. This one's going to break before the semiconductors in the NASDAQ just because it's tighter. So, I care about to start this week financial sector. I care about these two levels. One of these levels is going to break and give me information. And again, just watching the rotation semiconductors, NASDAQ, big tech over here, XLF XLVM over here. That's the way my brain is discerning the market. And I love the information that it gives me by watching the relationship of these major sectors because clearly big money has a rotation game going on for years and I'm confident that it'll be very clear when that shifts with the healthc care sector. I'm still in UNH, but I'm probably going to stop out. I don't like the way that it looks. I don't like how the last two bull breaks have lacked follow through and we'll see. I'm also I did short the biotech sector. So I shorted after when this lower high was set. I short on Tuesday. I covered 20% at this daily support. Wednesday, Thursday looked good, nice and comfy. Big bull day Friday. So now this looks like a weekly bull flag. I was looking for first loss of daily EMA 12 in a month. first confirmed daily downtrend and looking for a move towards a weekly EMA 12 target to touch weekly EMA 12 for the first time in four months. That's wild. That's an extremely strong move. And it's looking like I'm going to stop out, but uh it's just a partial. It's 80% of my position. I took a little profit, so we're pretty much at my break even right now. I'll probably just stick a stop over the high and eat a small loss if we get there. Um, but just wanted to highlight that because that's another potential trade that, you know, and again, same thing. Would I do anything different if this trade ends up a loss? No. I I like how I entered. I liked my trade thesis. I like my riskreward setup. Uh, I would do the same thing next time around. Doesn't matter what the result of one instance is. IWM bull break. No followthrough on the weekly, but anything over 228.90 is a weekly higher low. So, still staying strong overall. But the big question here is going to be, do bears confirm the daily downtrend this next week? I have had interest in IWM in the past, but I don't anymore. Uh, probably because there was a point earlier in the year where I said, I'm either long in biotech or small caps. And I chose IWM, and it was a profitable trade, but it was a wrong one. biotech massively outperformed. Um, but plenty of other things to trade. I don't love the follow-through and clarity on IWM. I don't love uh its retracement size on any sign of weakness in the broader market. So, that's just my per preference. All right, some individual names now. Tesla all-time highs. Congrats bulls. So, the cup and handle on the monthly time frame. We've been watching this one for a while. It has confirmed. Granted, no follow through yet. We only got a new alltime high by one and a half percent or whatever. We got to clear 500 and keep it going. It doesn't have to happen right now. We have two daily inside bars. We know Monday is going to be volatile for Tesla. We're either going to break and start daily consolidation and head back down towards the 460s and then there's a gap fill in the 460s or we're going to break bull and be testing the all-time highs. So my simple statement on Tesla is I'm bullish Tesla. If daily EMA 12 is support, nothing shifts. Lose daily M E MA12, I'll take a step back. I'll reassess. I did take a little profit in my swing position. Had a really good sell at 494. Uh trimmed a little bit more. Forget exactly where. Maybe 481, right about where we closed on the bounce. I'm down to a half position. And this just makes me a lot more comfortable sitting through consolidation when I'm down to a half position. And it's still a large position, a large swing position for me because I was adding I was day trading Tesla and then keeping partial positions to increase my swing exposure on the way up. That's something I'm trying to improve upon. It's definitely one of my goals for 2026 is averaging up on winner swing positions. And so this was just me playing around and practicing with that. So, now that I'm back to a half position, it's still one of my larger swing position sizes at this moment along with SPY long-term no touch and silver. We'll talk about silver. RIVN. So, you know, people I've been talking about the monthly cup and handle on Tesla and people will message me be like, oh, you know, after Wednesday message say, oh, there's no followers. It's a red flag. You have to remember that when you're on the monthly candles, the daily time frame is the bare minimum time frame to be looking at. Really, it's the weekly time frame that's going to tell us if there's red flags or not. Uh there's a lot of trading days in a month. What 20? So, one five every day is 5% of a monthly candle. That's not much. And a good example of that is RIVN. I look at this monthly chart for RIVN and I say, "Wow, this is an easy bull setup. sideways balancing scales pattern. Bull break of the monthly equilibrium happened at 1617 followthrough. We're now up 30 35% from the bull break taking place. We're closing extremely strong near the high of the month. Next resistance 2462. But then you zoom in and it's hard. Uh, this one I have I've made some profit on this, but I'm no longer in a position. And for me, the mistake was well, I lost interest here. 15% 14% pullback confirming a daily downtrend. I then just shifted my focus elsewhere and started trading other things. The hindsight lesson for me is once we went right back to a new higher high, get interested again. This was a little pretty much a daily inside bar. Not exactly, but as soon as that breaks, you now you now have a clear stop level to go off of. At that point, I was focusing on cannabis. And I guess we'll touch on actually, I'm not going to talk about cannabis in this video just because I did a live stream to end the day on Thursday and nothing's really changed since then from everything I said. So, check out that live stream on our YouTube channel. I talked for an hour plus about everything. Um, but that's definitely where my attention went and I don't regret that. Um, but huge two days for RIVN. We had all kinds of signals just in terms of uh morning volume. Nope, we didn't have a morning volume surge to end the week. We did to start the week. But look at this perfection lead bull all day. End of the day, five minute back burner. When do I enter? Oh, it's running away from me. The reason it's called a back burner is because when something's running away from you and you don't want to chase, you say, "All right, I'll enter first oversold conditions on this time frame, you stick the trade on the back burner and then you wait for it to come to you. Five minute oversold. We tick it. That's the low into the end of the day. And then the last hour of trading, we bounce plus 3%." Again, you're not going to change your life there, but it's a solid win. So, RIIVN, the takeaway there is it's a strong bull. It's a long-term bottoming pattern, but there are significant periods of volatility along the way. If you're in a swing position, you got to sit through a 14% draw down to get the benefit of then going up 40% from there. And I made a tweet recently saying you cannot make significant gains without exposing yourself to significant draw down. And the the way to do that and ease the psychological burden of that is by risking profit. Once you're in profit and you're risking the profit of the trade, it's way easier to sit through the draw downs. And the example I gave is crypto 2017 where okay, my initial goal is 100% on Ethereum. I blink and six weeks later I'm up a thousand% or whatever. And okay, if I give back half of my account, I'm still ahead of what my goal was initially getting into this sector. And so that allowed me, you know, there were draw downs that I experienced in crypto in the process of going up thousands of percent. You know, I I went out to dinner and I made a mistake. I've get told this story many times. I misclicked. I came back and I was down 175% of my starting capital in six hours. And the reason I was able to stomach that and recover from that and all that is because my mindset was, okay, that's a big mistake. That's a big setback. But even if I lose this trade and that's it, I'm still way ahead of what my goal was. And so if you're in a something like RIVN, uh, and you can set a risk-free stop down at, you know, 15 or whatever, you're just holding. We're either going to stop me out, break even, or hit $30. That's that's a mindset that allows you to hold through significant volatility and draw downs. But I certainly wouldn't want to do that if I'm risking half of my initial capital on the trade and I have no profit cushion and I could lose half my capital. It's a very different psychological mindset to be in. And that's why I prefer to take partial profits and get my risk-free stop and then hold longer term and let it play out for a while. Risk on names. So, we're going to look through a handful of these, but the simple statement here is these need to be the weekly higher lows if we're going to negate the weekly bare flag. We saw this bounce. We said this is a possible bare flag. Bulls got to prove that it's not confirming a weekly uptrend would negate a weekly bare flag. And that would then zoom out to the monthly and we'd probably be setting a monthly higher low on a lot of these names. And so, same thing as the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ. The low this past week is very important. Same thing on the risk on names. That's got to be the higher low for bulls to shift things. Looking at other quantum peers, RGTI not as convincing. Bare flag still on the table. And QBTS stronger, more convincing. So, Quantum Rare Earth name CRML weaker. Bare flag definitely on the table. The other name is slipping him. US. So we can just say okay these are very similar setups quantum and rare earth but clearly we can say quantum is stronger than rare earth. Same setup but a very a little difference. The size of the lower wick on the weekly candle. MP still oh MP broke bear. That's definitely notable. Sector leader out of the rare earth. What do we got? Robots RR. Okay. Not much of a lower wick. STRV had a bare report. Not much of a lower wick. These are looking more for a potential equilibrium rather than a a trend change at this point. Uh some other risk on names. Crypto. What's BMNR doing? Okay, looks very similar. A little bit of a lower wick. MSTR not so much. So again, these are all very similar setups, but I can make a list and I could say these are the names that are stronger. These are the names that are weaker. If the NASDAQ bulls continue to prove things to me, I'm gonna look at these two of the stronger names on the strong list. If the NASDAQ rolls over and breaks support, I'm going to look to short these two of the weaker names on the weak list. That's how I compartmentalize things when I'm looking lead bull, lead bear. And I'm not going to be able to pick up the post real quick here. But on Friday morning, and certainly not to disparrage anyone, but we had a chart guys member that was trying to uh short rivn and you know, set up the trade just fine. Low risk, you know, take a little topfish attempt. No big deal. But uh my reminder was and this was I forget when this was, but we still had a lot more upside to come. And my reminder was just look long the lead bull from the morning. Tesla was the lead bear. Tesla double topped at the high of Thursday first thing and showed relative weakness to the NASDAQ all morning and RIVN of course showed relative strength all morning. And so my reminder was look long, you know, look for the higher low on the strong name, look for the lower high on the weak name. And that takes rewiring of your brain. And I certainly can relate because I can't tell you how many times I would look at a chart like RIVN and say, "Oh, the bulls had full control. I missed the morning move. I'm going to look short because we're overextended. We've run too much. The RSIs are hot. And I learned, you know, there would be days even not too long ago, five years ago, whatever. I'd be looking at this chart and I would try to short it here and I would sell half and I would then re reby half and then I'd sell partial and now I'm in the red, but I'm still trying to salvage this trade. And then I'd look back two hours later and say, "Wow, I just wasted my day going counter momentum, losing a bit of money, and missing out on long opportunity." And you look at Tesla at that time, this was the 15-minute lower high that led to another great bear trade. Granted, we recovered, but uh at that point in time, the thesis of longing RI IVN, which had already run significantly, or looking short Tesla, which had already dropped significantly, was the at that point the direction to be looking. So again, same thing, individual sample size. You can zoom in and say, "Oh, but this lead bull rolled over and pulled over, pulled back this much and yada yada." Absolutely. Zoom out to 50 times. 50 times you're going to want to be looking long the lead bull and short the lead bear. And that took significant rewiring into my brain. Uh and it's a process, you know. Okay, you're not comfortable longing rivn after that morning. No problem. I I don't have any problem with that. That's just fine. But don't short it. Right? There's varying degrees of how we can utilize that information. In an ideal world, we look short Tesla. We look long IVN. But next best thing, just don't fight the trend. And you know, you don't like the setup, that's fine. But, um, don't fight those lead bulls. All right. Commodities. Anything else I want to talk about? Commodities. Dollar weekly bounce trying to shape up. We'll be keeping an eye out for a potential weekly lower high to be the result. Do we have a daily uptrend? No, not yet. So, if I'm a bull on the dollar, which I'm not, but again, just put on my bull glasses because that helps me analyze a chart. That helps me stay unbiased when I'm looking at a chart. What does a bull want to see? What does a bear want to see? I don't care what the do Well, I do care because I have silver exposure. So, I have to acknowledge I do have a bit of a bias, but if I'm a bull, I want to start the week with another move up to create the space where we could set up an inverse head and shoulders to get the weekly bounce going with some follow-through. We've got metals still strong. So metals, we've got a all-time high test on gold, which failed, but still keeping the higher lows. Want a simple statement? If gold daily EMA 12 is support, the bulls have full control. Lose daily EMA 12, then we'll talk about, okay, it's a double top at the all-time high into weekly consolidation. will scout a weekly higher low, but not even going to think about that if daily EMA 12 is support, just like we've been using weekly EMA 12 literally the entire year to not shift our mindset from being bullish gold. Again, I could look at overextended RSI. I could look at how much we've run. I could look at all these reasons to try and convince my brain to look bearish gold when in reality, don't fight the lead bull. Don't fight a strong trending blue sky breakout. wait for something to shift. If we're going to see anything shift, nailing tops in this kind of move again, you can do it once, but you can't do it sustainably over a large sample size. Silver new all-time highs, just an absolute beast monster. I did take a little bit more profit, just a little bit. was down to 75% position from a year and a half ago. Now I'm down to 66%. I will trim more if we lose 12-h hour EMA 12. Silver has been holding 12-h hour EMA 12 for the last month, three plus weeks. Nothing changes if that's support. We held it again on Thursday. Lose it, I'll trim down. I'll go to a half position size and I'll then be looking for weekly consolidation. My mindset is lose 12-hour EMA 12, the probability of weekly consolidation will increase significantly and we could pull back 15%. To test EMA 12 and EMA2 has been holding more than half the year. So, I know that I don't want to sit through weekly consolidation with my full position because now this position size, I mean, my silver gains in my IRA account for like I did I did the math yesterday. I think it's like 38% of my 2025 IRA profit is silver. And so the more it goes up, the larger that position size is, the more meaningful it is. Uh and so again, I have no problem trimming some into this strength. And again, my mindset trading euphoria markets is always trim some into strength, leave a runner, trim the runner or exit the runner when bears prove something. So, I've exited what I'm going to exit into the strength. And now my next exit will be the first sign of bears proving something. Losing week or 12hour EMA 12 still in some minors as well. I trimmed here. So, GDXJ I long when did I long it? I forget. I think I longed it here. Trimmed some on the breakout. Exited some on the gap up day and just walking up my stop. My stop was here. Now my stop's under here. I will not exit my my half remaining miners position into strength. I'll eventually stop out when the daily uptrend is lost. Oil. I was looking long oil. I didn't get the setup I liked. So I stopped looking long oil. We dropped down to the lowest level in however many years. Not on this futures contract, but on other stuff. Still watching for a potential monthly high or low. Anything above 4935 on this continuous futures contract, but no sign of it. And natural gas had a big pullback. We knew the monthly lower high was the most likely scenario. And we said it real quick. This is why they call it the widow maker. Didn't even confirm a daily downtrend. We just went straight from the strongest that natural gas had been in many, many months. and you blink and a week and a half later it's down 30%. That's why it's the widow maker. Monthly lower high set without even confirming a daily downtrend. That's why I don't trade it. It's why I've traded it one time in the last four years or whatever. All right, that's it. Get those simple statements. Mark out your key supports on the NASDAQ, the S&amp;P 500, lows of last week. Key for many things including risk on names. Definitely watching Tesla closely every day as long as daily EMA 12 is support. Multiple inside bars very likely to break on Monday. I wanted to put story time at the end of these videos now, which is me going over photos and a and road tripping stories that I have, which I've done in the past. You know, I put them at the end of videos three, four, five years ago, whatever. But they're like 10 minutes long. And I it's it's funny to look back and say, "Wow, the YouTube algos didn't care that I was putting unrelated 10-minute content at the end of the video back when we were in favor with the YouTube algos." We are not in favor with the YouTube algos now that there's 10,000% more competition of people doing technical analysis uh and more than probably more than 10,000%. Anyways, we're not in favor with the ALOS. If I put that at the end of this video, bunch of people would like it, but it would definitely hurt uh it would hurt a lot of things. So, that's a bummer. I'm gonna figure out a different way to try and set that up or maybe just put out a hourong video of only the road tripping stories, but they're fun little life lessons in there. All right, hope you're well. Do good things. Happy holidays. Don't overtrade this shortened week. For me, I'll probably treat Monday and Tuesday normal and then I probably won't trade Wednesday or Friday. Do good things. See you soon. Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart.