============================================================
Video: uvuZqWp1E9g
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Will War with Iran Nuke Buyers?
Date: 2025-06-22
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 8461
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:11:44.792932
============================================================

Markets are likely to be hit with surprise news again this weekend. This time the US bombing I ran just as uh key break daily breakout points were being tested during Friday's session. So is this the end for buyers or will markets continue to brush off fear? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now. Part of the chartist team for more than half of that where I head up our futures room and our swing report. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So um let's get into it. So obviously the news right now fundamentally is um US entering potentially entering a war again in the Middle East. Um but from the market's perspective what the the market doesn't really care about war right the market cares about you know what's going to happen to the economy. So I think the largest implication uh right now would be if uh Iran were to disrupt the straight of Hormuz um because it's like roughly 25% of the world's energy uh that's natural gas liquid natural gas and oil um is shipped through that uh straight. So if that were to happen theoretically then oil prices would increase. If oil prices were to increase that would be inflationary. If that was going to be inflationary, then perhaps the market doesn't get the rate cuts that it was kind of expecting in September. I think September was the first FOMC uh meeting where it was like over 50% of a potential rate cut. So these are the key factors right now. In general, the market doesn't really care uh about war. War is often good for business, right? War means destruction. Destruction means rebuilding. Rebuilding means uh economic stimulation. particularly if it's you know if it's the US market the US market is unlikely to be damaged by any kind of um war right so or more or less right and so anyway that's that's it from the market's perspective from a technical perspective what we should care about really is just the uh daily no change level that we've been watching for quite some time for the last 3 weeks or so following the June 3rd breakout here um as long as we're finding acceptance over 59320 20, then we know that this breakout on June 3rd is continuing to be affirmed. It's also the point of control of this uh structure over here sitting on this much larger area of demand. It was tested a few times, right? So, we see this back test over here and then on Friday, the low of the day was set pretty much right off of these levels. So, um it's at an inflection point. Typically what happens when you have like a some kind of major conflict you usually there's a little bit of fear in the short term um but then eventually uh the market recovers because again longterm it shouldn't matter that much for the US economy. Uh, so unless it's some kind of like, you know, really lengthy dragged on conflict, it's hard to say right now, but I mean, I I feel like that's the less likely scenario, but either way, we'll take it one day at a time, right? Let's not make any um guesses and project too far forward. For now, what we care about from a technical perspective is can these sellers find acceptance under 59320 next week? And uh even if there's weakness, there's still a lot of space for these buyers to set a weekly higher low even just over this little rinky dink higher low 57 57560. There's this gap that's still yet to be filled. And I'm thinking or I this really changed nothing from this trade zones perspective, right? because we've got this marked up from way old when this is just a matter of looking for a back test of the July 2024 high and um this early March to April structure because well this early March to April structure is kind of like a proxy for the July 2024 high and as long as the July 2024 high is being affirmed um or rather the breakout over the July 2024 high is being affirmed then we should just expect balance like this which is what we saw for like the entirety of the last year's Q4 right all of this sideways trade here was just affirming this breakout out over the July 2024 high. We've now traded way above it and haven't really come back and test it yet. So, I would not be surprised if we pull back and look for and the buyers were to look to defend that area. So, I still think this is pretty reasonable. We probably have daily oversold conditions at this point if we were to back test it here and we haven't had daily oversold conditions since this bottom over here. So, I think very reasonable location still. I wouldn't I wouldn't change this at all um for pullback plays. Okay, so that's really it for the spot. I don't really care about anything else. This is the first daily lower high and lower low that these sellers have managed ever since this low. So, the last time that they've had a daily lower high and lower low was back here in April. So, that's notable. Um, but again, what we care primarily about are these uh horizontal levels here. All right. So, moving on to the cues. Same deal, right? So, the daily no change level 5648. This June 3rd breakouts being affirmed as long as acceptance above. Couple of back tests here, right? You can see on this was the low of this session drop and pop over here. Of course, there's another uh drop and pop over here. And then on Friday, again, another drop and pop, but will these buyers be able to continue to fend? You know, usually because of the fear headlines uh when it comes to war, typically you'll see a little bit of fear. So, I wouldn't be surprised if these sellers punch it a little bit next week. So, then for the for the key downside reference next week, I should have mentioned that for SPY. Uh the next downside reference for SPY is going to be the value area low of this structure here. And then after that, I'm looking at the value area high of this guy. this this old fellow over here which is what was supportive of price throughout all of this balance right this was the uh uh uh election reaction right and then it held this structure held over here held over here held over here held over here and so I'm thinking the next key daily reference beyond uh the value area low of the of the uh 516 to 520 structure is going to be the value area high of the 109 10:30 structure so I think next week if we don't get down here that would be pretty notable right then the selling is just not that strong. If this gap remains unfilled, the selling is not going to be uh should not be considered strong. Um all right. So anyway, back to the cues here. So the next downside reference if we see weakness next week is going to be 52186 and then 520.87. So this is the local area of daily demand. As long as this area of daily demand is being affirmed, then these sellers really haven't done much proving. So we'll see where we open up um on Monday. And again, if it's like a really really heavy selling kind of a week, then I'm just eyeing this July 2024 high, right? If we were to come all the way back down here, but still hold over the July 2024 high, then we're just looking at balance like this. Okay. So, I think the trade zone that we have in the Q's is pretty similar. I still think that would be pretty reasonable. Probably daily oversold conditions. Yeah, you'd have daily oversold conditions coming into it. I I still wouldn't change a thing. a lot of times, you know, fundamental stuff, it just kind of uh accelerates what the most likely scenario was on the on the from a technical perspective anyway. So that's that's what that's how I'm approaching it at least and that's what I suggest others do as well. Um so on the weekly time frame, a lot of space for a higher low. There's there's this is the beginning of weekly retracement. So for the ES and the SPY, you had a little ringy dink higher low over here. For the ENQ, this is pretty much a move straight off of this low here, 42793. So really anything over that is going to be good for a weekly higher low. Lots of space for these buyers to work with to set that um weekly higher low. Okay. So the IWM relative weakness would not be surprised if relative weakness picks up on Friday. I mean on Monday, excuse me. And what we care about primarily the daily change level has already been violated. Right? So this breakout over here has already been violated and we've been oscillating around that breakout point for the entirety of last week. It actually started uh two weeks prior on that Friday. And so we've just been grinding this point of control at 28.79. So as long as this guy is being affirmed as demand, obviously that's a best case scenario. Next week I I I feel like it won't hold this point of control. I I would be surprised if it holds. We're probably looking at a gap down situation just from this like initial knee-jerk reaction. And what we really care about is not so much where we open off the fear, but how much fear is there and what kind of uh what kind of breakouts are being negated. Right now the IWM is of course already negating this breakout, negating this June 6 breakout. It was even late to to to break out. Um so next week then if we see lower lows under 207, I'm just eyeing this guy. This guy is our reference again. And so I'm thinking the value area low 20510 and then the low of the range is over here uh 198.26. I think we could probably start using this fella as a reference again as well. So, I would not be surprised if we were to trade all the way down to the lows of this range. Like, we didn't really have a clear breakout above this structure here. So, I'm thinking we probably are going to just bounce more and it's just kind of what the rut does. The rut spends a lot of time trading sideways. So, would not be surprised if we're just going to be stuck in here for some time for the near term. We shall see. Um, the trade zone, I think, is designed around that logic as well. It's essentially bottom fishing the lows. I'd probably be a little bit more conservative with it now, now that there's like some fundamental developments. So something like this perhaps just a little bit lower and looking to play back to here. Something like that. Still 2.1R. Something like that I think would be more reasonable. Now all things considered, I would expect the uh rut to have more fear compared to the SPY and the uh Q's. Okay, so that's it. Moving on to the Dow. Um all right, so the Dow I wouldn't really change this either. You probably would have daily oversold conditions. You would. Um, and again, you haven't had daily oversell conditions since coming off of this low here. Weekly time frame, little rinky dink higher low over here, space for a monthly higher low. I I would imagine that, you know, if we did see some weakness here, these buyers would probably look to defend 40725, which is just the low of this structure that's trying to be resolved right now. Again, you would have daily oversold conditions if you were to get around 407.25. So, I would imagine that you would see some at least some initial defense of 407.25, especially if you have daily oversold conditions. So, I I wouldn't change this even though it's no longer for a weekly higher low. We set this up way back when before weekly retracement was beginning. And so, I know it wouldn't be for a weekly higher low. It would be it would just be for a week potential weekly low being set. But, I still think this is a very reasonable location for, you know, for a setup here. Okay. So, that's really it for the Dow. Um, let's see. probably have a strong gold. Gold will probably continue to see strength. What's gold? Gold is I would not be surprised with further strength in gold because gold has been holding up so well. Do we normally cover gold? We don't normally cover gold. Um all right. So the dollar here um this is very notable, right? So for the for the dollar to make this new low, essentially it's a new three-year low and then not advance well to the value area high of this next area of demand. That's a pretty notable failure. And these buyers are negating this breakdown as long as acceptance over 98.295. There's space for a higher low, but you the lower high has already been set 98.75. Space for a higher low over 97.130. And next week, what we're going to care about primarily is just going to be this daily no change level 98.295. If no acceptance above 98.295, then it's right back to eyeing this valued area low 96.505. If you see a gap down in the dollar session to session setup playing to 96.50, 505 is very reasonable. I think we had a setup here, right? That's weird. It's weird. I could have sworn we had something set up here. Essentially, a top fish against this supply. That's essentially what the buyer but the sellers need to get done, right? They need to defend against this supply and then price lower. And so far, they they've done that. I don't really trade the dollar, so I don't really care too much about it. Uh moving on to MVDA here. So, for MVDA, um just essentially it's very similar to Q's, right? bumping up against the all-time high supply. Kind of looks like a bit of a rising wedge here, right? With these higher highs, not really seeing that much follow through. It's 1, two, three. Three higher highs, lacking followrough, and they got really, really close to the point of control of this all-time high supply and failed to test it at 14716. But um the sellers don't really negate this breakout until acceptance under 13740. I wouldn't be terribly surprised if the if the market if this market continue to just kind of trade sideways within this massive range. So essentially over 90 bucks and under the all-time high 15289. Would not be surprised by that at all. Weekly time frame is just stairstepping up right now. So it's it's positioned well for weekly retracement. The sellers are positioned well for some weekly retracement. And there's a lot of space for these buyers to establish a higher low over 95.04. So I think if you got another situation where you're daily oversold um and then this time into like this middle area, I don't hate that. That's you probably would have you would have daily oversold conditions there. And so if you're still in from the old setup from way back when Oh, there. Okay. Yeah, I think that's pretty reasonable still in the old setup from way back when. If you're looking for an ad in this um you know, then I I think this is a very reasonable spot to be looking for that ad. If you use this trade zone of old trimmed on the way up, um then this this is a very reasonable place to be looking for that potential ad. Could we continue to trade in this big old zone? Yeah. But if we don't do that and we can continue to hold over this big old block of demand and affirm the breakout from May 7th, then these buyers are positioned well for a break to new all-time highs, which um you know, kind of like its peer Microsoft has already done. We shall see. Um and if you're interested in getting setups like this, enter your email or and we have a obviously there's part of our website as well. Then check out this report links in the description below. It's two novel at least two novel ideas this week. There's there's three two novel ideas sent to you every single week. Um live updates for any trades that Dan and I take. You get an update from me, update from Dan, and that's pretty much it. So, if you're interested, again, if you're like busy, you know, you don't want to scout trades, don't want to mess with screeners, give it a shot. It's um you know, a couple bucks a day, less than a cup of coffee. Unless, of course, you make your coffee at home, then maybe don't do it. So, anyway, that's pretty much it for MVDA. um for Bitcoin here not great right so for Bitcoin here to pop over the January 2025 high twice couple of three really pop and drops there and now find acceptance is not ideal but these buyers technically still hanging in here right so this is essentially the consolidation of this breakout so as long as these buyers are finding acceptance over this structure then this breakout continues to be affirmed as of right now you know a couple drop and pops or one drop and pop at the low of the structure and very notable though that the sellers are playing defense right at the value area high of the all-time high supply and then pretty much a picture perfect rejection from the point of control of the all-time high supply. So really it's just a battle between these two fellas over here. Um the consolidation is not ideal but if you and if you are going to pop and drop over this guy then that does put this structure back into play. So we should expect the sellers to try to rotate back down to the lows of this guy which was dictated by this structure. Okay. So would not be surprised if we were looking at a bunch of more chop in Bitcoin. This is honestly surprising that um you know war news didn't really affect Bitcoin at all. Barely moved it. Um but we shall see. That's pretty much it. I don't think we Okay. Yeah, I don't hate that. I don't hate this setup. It's okay. I think it's fine. Let me see how much extension we would have. We would have daily oversell conditions here. We haven't had daily oversold since back here. I don't hate that. I think that's fine. Let me put this here. What's this guy? What's the difference? Oh, just a clone. Okay. Um, that's really it. And there's a lot of space for weekly higher low, even though technically we've already set this little ricky dink one here. So, it would be a weekly lower high and lower low. Um, but again, we really care about this, right? Like this was the last major breakout on the weekly time frame. So, anything over 8804.64, this breakout would continue to be affirmed. So, a more conservative operator, you know, you're probably looking to wait and play off of this guy. But I think first daily oversell conditions in a while, you probably see some bounce here. Even if this this trade zone doesn't stick, it's probably you probably see enough bounce to position, take your risk out, and then hope for the best. We shall see. Ethereum, I still like this trade zone, right? The the whole the whole, you know, idea is really just based on the fact that um we didn't find acceptance in into all this demand, right? you you you you test the demand over here, right? Test it here, test it here, test it here, can't get in there. Finally, you break back in there. It's a very notable move back out of the structure. So, these buyers are likely trying to hold price in this guy again. And so, this trade zone essentially covers the holding of this guy, which is what made all these lows over here, and affirming this breakout by holding over this local area of demand. So, cover all of your bases here. If no acceptance back under this guy and this guy, they should try to rotate back to this fella again. Right? This is exactly where these buyers keep running into problems over here, right? It's pretty much where all of these lows are over here. Problems, problems, right? So, if not under here, not under here, then it should be here again. So, I think this is a very reasonable trade zone still for Ethereum. Wouldn't change that. Uh, uranium, this is probably not going to set up anytime soon. You know, if you're a more aggressive operator, you can certainly walk this up. Something like this. Move it up here. It's still going to be a retracement play. I can adjust this in the future. We'll see how it shakes out next week. At this point now, uranium is super strong. There's so much base for a higher low. Anything over 1 19.50 is going to be good for one. And this big old breakout over this demand zone, of course, being affirmed as long as holding over 33.99. And that's really it. Uh it should be a pretty short one today for trade review. It was a short holiday week, so not that much going on. Um although I did have some notable trading like uh from like I just noticed I was more trigger happy last week. I think my energy levels are higher in general. I that's what I speculate was what leading to was what led to that. But for Mon for Tuesday's trade I think really the biggest uh key idea it's well the key it's almost always location is always a good one is always a big one a big deal. Um but also I think being aware of like your mental state is also very helpful right because you know like if you're not very aware of where you are mentally then it's really easy to start tilting right like once you get really trigger happy um that's really where tilt comes right like if you're too willing to pull the trigger then it's it becomes much easier to tilt so I kind of felt like I was starting to tilt even though I wasn't I didn't take much heat at all but perhaps with my ego getting into it. Like I said, perhaps it was my energy levels being just kind of high. I've been uh getting a lot more cardio in lately with a new dog. So, that's what I speculate was going on. And I identified it and and just kind of nipped it in the bud. Even though the trade that I that I put on that I kind of rushed into that made me realize I was being trigger happy, that idea did work. Um but still, I I just think in the long run, it's it's better. It's more e positive EV to catch myself in an emotionally elevated state or like a higher energy state and just just practice discipline and stop that. I think that just makes more sense even though you know because if I had stayed in that trade and I was in it in a rushed mindset and then it and then I benefited from it and I didn't call it for what it was then I kind of would have affirmed not kind of I would have affirmed doing the wrong thing. So, I think it's important to call it for what it is. Um, but anyway, we we'll start with the trade review. So, on the 17th, it was a gap down, I believe. Um, let's see, the 17th. Yeah. So, it was a gap down here, and we opened up right here, right? And so, because it was a gap down, I'm thinking, all right, well, if the sellers are going to press right off the gap down, they should try to get to the point of control, right? And eventually they do get to the point of control, but it wasn't I didn't capture that because it didn't shake out how how I was playing for off of the jump off of the open. Now, you'll recall from prior videos that, you know, I talk about this a lot, right? If you're going to play with the direction of the gap, then you have to be prepared to play at at least three locations, right? You have to be prepared to play at the regular trading hours low, uh, rather the open, right? Because then you're playing for the gap and go scenario, which if it does work, is an incredibly asymmetrical trade. So it is worth trying. Um you have to play at the regular trading hours low, right? Because the day plus sellers are being affirmed as long as the uh sellers can hold under the regular trading hours low and you kind of have to be willing to play at the value area low and the point of control. So it's actually four. But but if you wanted to hold out and just play at the the point of control, I think that'd be reasonable as well. Um so in the morning rundown, what I was saying on this day was uh what I would uh for the Yeah, for the morning rundown on this day was the 18th, right? Um, let's see the 70. Um, okay. So, I was thinking, all right, I would try it off the open. If not the open, then the regular trading hours is low. If not the regular trading hours low, then the Val or the point of control. But I was eyeing this guy, this low over here, right? Because essentially the sellers are picking up where they left off as long as they can hold under this low, right? The overnight breakdown is being affirmed as long as they can hold under this guy, right? So, I should have been prepared to trade at all these locations, but I kind of fired away too aggressively off the open. Then I made a ES buy. um using this same logic uh except I was targeting this low. So on the 17th I was uh let's see that's over here. I made a ES buy targeting this guy and that was the trade that I felt like I rushed into. I didn't measure the R. The R. The R for the first leg was only one R and I don't really want to aim for one R trades anymore. So that was a bit of a red flag. But anyway, let's let's walk you through it. So I just sold the rut um passed back under the high of the open candle and I was looking for a chop of the DV val. And that's just this, right? The logic was just this, right? So, here we have the Hang on. Let me bring the references out here. Okay, they're already out. Okay, so that was just here, right? I see this open. Here's a regular trading hours low from the price session. I see this open. They try to fill gap. You make a new one minute high. You don't really see a follow through. So, I just sold the roll back down under it and I chopped it up at the open back test. It was actually slightly above the open. It was very cheap. And so I was, you know, I'm very fine. I'm happy with that because I don't know if they're going to get this complete gap fill. So that was fine. Um blah blah blah failure to tag the regular trading hours low blah blah blah. I chopped it at at 35. Okay, cuz I I did it on 3, let's see, 33. So that was this one here. So I didn't do it here. I did it on this pass back under. So I see a couple of highs, not see follow through. Sell this pass back under this one minute uh the open candles high. chop it at the um DV valve the open. Stopped out the rest. No problem. And then uh let's see. Stopped the rest. Still eyeing it. Uno Moss at 942. So at 42, that's over here. So I sold this move back down here cuz I'm thinking, okay, they they failed to tag the regular trading hours low again after getting super close. And let's see, Deepo not good enough. So I was holding off for the DVA here. I obviously don't get that. So I stopped it out at 47 on this move higher. And then let's see uh at this point now we opened so close to the daily point of control right this guy and then at that point we had not touched down on it. So I'm just pointing out that it would be pretty notable for these sellers to get so close to that point of control on a gap down and not touch down on it. It would just be a pretty notable failure. So um I'm saying high of the range 2103 is key. So that's just this guy over here. This is the high of the range over here. All right. And so I'm thinking, you know, if this is this should be key, right? These buyers, if they make their way all the way up there, uh it's a very reasonable place to be looking for a sell. Again, that's very similar, you know, it's pretty much the same level as the um let's see, as the uh as the low of this day, right? So remember, I'm thinking, okay, well, if not incomplete fill and roll over, then the sellers should look to defend against this low, which is pretty much the same level as 21013. So just some confluence there. Uh, okay. I didn't realize how small this image was, but Oh, man. Okay. So, I'm going to move it down. So, tried it again. And that's the last attempt. If I don't get a chop that's at 949 um 49. So, I just sold the pass back under the regular trading hours low. And then that's a stopout as well. So, you can see how cheap these are, right? This the stops are not expensive, right? This is like 2.8 points or so. No, it's less than that, like 2.6 points for this stop. And this one was even cheaper, I believe. Right. Something like that, 1.6. This one was a slightly profitable one, so I don't really care about that. So, they're cheap stocks, but I think because they were in such quick succession, I was already starting to feel like I was being too aggressive, right? Because I I don't want to use up so much energy before we even get to the next area where the of meaningful change, right? Because if they're not going to roll over at the regular trading hours low and the open, then it should be uh where the sellers broke down from, right? the no change though essentially from on the 15-minute time frame. Um, they're dirt cheap setups, whatever. And then at 9:52, I say, "Okay, listen. I I I'm thinking, all right, these sells are not working." And so, I'm thinking on the but it's too late to try to reverse here on the rut because it's already so far off the low. And I'm thinking on the ES over here, um, let me just bring these references out. Um I'm thinking okay it's uh at this point um at this point it was 952 and so that's this candle right here. I see you know these ES sellers are just not really gaining any ground at all. Right. And so pass back over the regular trading hours low should have these buyers trying to get back to the 15-minute breakdown point. It's the same same idea. I talked about this in the morning rundown um over here. Right. So, if we're not going to come down to the point of control of this session over here on the ES and we're going to pass back over the regular trading hours low, I'll just sync it over here and we're going to pass back over the regular trading hours low. Okay, so where should they try to get to? They should try to get to here, right? Uh this breakdown point over here. And so that's what I said. Um uh bought the regular trading the pass back over the regular trading hours low chopped at the high of the range and then I stopped the RTY soon after that. Um, and I said, "Okay, it's just pretty much a scratch session if I get stopped the ES and I'll just put myself in timeout because at this point I realized I didn't measure out the R for that trade." And that just wasn't wasn't good, right? So, my first exit was this was here, right? So, this R was fine. And I think I just kind of was thinking ahead to that, but this R was not this R looking for this exit right at the under the high was was just one R. So, I realized that was an error, right? I don't really want to be aiming for one R. could have, if anything, I could have just held on to it and like it would have made me wait, but I probably could have gotten this exit under it. But either way, um, that was not good, right? Because that's not the kind of trade that I want to be taking anymore. I don't really want to do one R trades because playing for one R with a better than 50% hit rate is fine. You have positive EV, but it's like kind of stressful and I think it conditions you to take too many trades like because you kind of get too confident in taking these like lower probability, low R trades. it ends up using more energy as well. So either way, it's just not what I want to get done right now. So I realized that was a mistake. Um and uh and I forgot about data. So a couple of red flags and that's pretty much it at that whatever. That's just a piece of context we don't really care about. Um and then I said just putting myself in timeout because um you know the the R was no good. And so that also causes me to um lose out, right? I missed out on these really nice setups off of this this no change level. For example, this this setup over here, just a very straightforward pass back under or just a stairst step break, something like this. Playing back to the uh regular trading hours low is 2 R in and of itself. And it has good follow-through. That had really good followthrough. And it made a lot of sense because well, the from a session to session perspective, value was now moving lower. So again, the 17th on the ES is this day. Um it is this day here. And so it would make sense after these buyers failed to get to this daily point of control that the sellers would try to punch it. Don't get me wrong, it's not like it's not that big of a miss, right? Because the next day you just chop around lower like this is not very convincing selling, so it's not that big of a deal. But the idea is um I kind of stopped myself. I I lost focus on what this cell was because of the morning rundown. I was primarily interested in trying for sells against these breakdown points. Uh for the ES, for the rut, for the rut, it was this breakdown point for the ENQ. It was uh same dealio. They pretty much broke down right under there. But um you know just a little bit of you know lackluster performance in my opinion. So that was Tuesday's trade. Wednesday's trade was a little bit better. Wednesday was FOMC day. So I just like to get things done uh as soon as possible. And so let's see. We started off with the uh yeah, we started off with the ENQ cell pretty much near off really soon after the open. Um that's over here, right? So it was like this second candle. So we see this this move back down here and then we move back towards the open and failed to get there. So, I just market sold against the open and then threw my stop over the high and I say, "Okay, I'm looking for an exit at 968, which is just above this little structure over here." Right? Because if we're not going to find acceptance over the open, we're going to roll back down under the value area low. Then the seller should be trying to take out these next levels lower. I'm just using these, you know, price action the the end of the day structures as a reference. That's what I'm talking about over here. So, I look for looking for 968 for the chop and then uh the Oh, that's it. And then I was looking out for more at the PDC. The PDC was here, I believe. I think it might have been lower settlement is was a little bit different. Obviously, this is no longer the PDC, but let me see what time that was. Uh 32. No. Oh, yeah. 32. So, that must have been this candle. So, just chopped it up more. And at this point on the 18th, I'm being pretty aggressive with these uh take profits because the 18th is here. And we opened up pretty much smack dab in yesterday's range. So, I don't really have a lot of conviction that we're going to see follow through on this. So, I'm thinking, let me just try to get position for the potential of a trade to hold through FOMC if the sellers continue to punch it, which, you know, I I don't know, right? And the R was really good for those those attempts, right? That just selling this, I forget the exact uh entry, but it wasn't obviously it wasn't perfect off the open, but even if you were super late to it, like even as far as 87, which is really far off, six points off of the uh open, it's still better than 2 R. So, I was fine with that. Um, and then let's see. Looking for over 916.5. So, I was looking for one more exit over here. 916.5 is this low latency followthrough. And they didn't they didn't quite touch down on it. So, I just stop off the rest. And that's fine. Um, and then uh stop the rest. I'm likely done until FOMC. And I I just acknowledge that at this point something is going on with me, right? that I almost fired away at the passback under 925 without measuring R to target. So that's over here, right? 9825 is this one over here. And I this was what I was using as a reference, right? I was thinking if we sell against this open here and we take out this high, this should try to get to this high next. So I I saw this move and I almost just fired away at it without really measuring any R. So that was, you know, a bit of a red flag. And if I was late a bit of a red flag. And if I was late a bit of a red flag. And if I was late to the show, something like that, and I didn't measure out any R, and it should have been to here, that would have only been a one R. So, I almost made the same mistake from the from the um prior session in the the next session, which is obviously not good. So, I'm just pointing that out. Just want to, you know, bring some awareness to it so that I can, you know, try to figure it out. And then at 954, I missed a cheap setup. I That's probably an error. I didn't That doesn't really matter. What was that? Oh, that was this. This was dirt cheap setup. 2206 was the breakdown point from the prior session and there was a really really cheap setup for to get back to the open was like 2 R. So I'm just like lamenting that. Yeah, that was really cheap. Just missed it. Um whatever. And then uh blah blah blah blah blah. And then somebody asked about what what we like to how we like to trade FOMC. And so the only trade that I like for FOMC is just to scalp between two like close daytime frame references. So for me that was the ES. So the ES um I only like to trades between the open and the PDC. And the reason why is because what I like to do is I like to put in stop buy or stop sells in between. So, um, for example, then if this is going to be like a, uh, like a sell here, I would want to hit the stop cell here and the limit right there. And it would, I would just trail a stop like right above it because this is the kind of situation that needs to work right away or I don't I don't want to do it because what usually happens on FOMC days is you get a a ton of volatility. And so, what happens when there's a lot of volatility is all of these no change levels, these daily daytime frame references, they're being tested in very very very quick fashion. It's almost like another open. So, um, I like to just play from daytime frame reference to daytime frame reference and you can just go back to any FOMC day yourself. Mark up the daytime frame references and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about. It tends to move very swiftly between date just like here. Look at how many passes over the open in the PDC. And I do get one of these later. But anyway, um, it was I didn't really love like that setup because we're kind of far away and like all the daytime frame references were kind of far away from each other. Additionally, this FOMC day was a situation where we were within the prior day's range, which is itself within a much larger range. So, I was wasn't really expecting a lot of volatility. Um, but still, I tried the uh deep pass over here at 9 at 204. That was just this, right? So, at 204 or where over here, we're wait. It's over here. uh here at 204. We see this uh it's soon after the FMC volatility pop and drop. I didn't do the regular trading hours low, but then I see us move back down to the Deepo here and then we back test the DEPo. I figure that's pretty low risk to just sell that pass under the Deepo and then target this guy. Um looking for let's see, chopped it above 46.25. It's just the high of the one minute demand over the open. So I know that this little structure over here is kind of what represented the open hold over here. So, I'm thinking if we sell off the deep here, they should try to get to the open, right? But if they're going to fail to get to the open, then it should be here. So, I just looked at looked for the exit right there. And that was fine. And then stopped out the rest. And then I was just waiting to see what the 230 reaction would be like because 230 is really when, you know, was when the pressure comes out and some more volatility can enter the market. Um, and uh let's see. We didn't I said we I didn't I was looking for the PDC for more, but I wasn't really expecting us to get to the PDC just because um it's pretty much the point of control of the structure at yesterday's low. So, that was all of this over here. The PDC was pretty much the PC of all of it. So, I just wasn't really expecting to get there. Straight shot from the high. So, whatever stopped out the rest for a little bit of a win. So, chop and stop here. I chop and stop in the ENQ. So, I'm just kind of picking up pieces of candy. And then on let's see, I forget. It was this this move here. I was eyeing that that scalpy play that I like. And again, that's just buying the pass from one daytime frame reference to the next. And I like this kind of a setup because it's just so close, right? That you would expect this break to have momentum and push all the way back to the open. So, um, let's see. I say blah blah blah. I'm eyeing the PDC to open. That's at 304. And I said, I'm in trailing the stop under the break. And it's just a flip, right? And it rushes straight there. That's exactly the kind of move that I want. And you can see how it does this multiple times, right? If you're not going to see acceptance over the open, straight back to the PDC. If over the PDC again, this one's not great, but this one gets right there, gets right there again, etc. It just you just see this bangering around these key daily references. But the first one is usually the best one because that's when the the reaction is occurring, the volatility is the highest. So, this is the kind of only the only kind of FOMC play that I like. Again, it's just like a setup between two daytime frame references. when the volatility is high, you set those limits in and I and because it's kind of hard to talk about this kind of a trade live, right? It happens very quickly. I shared the, you know, orders or whatever just to, you know, and they were exactly that. This buy I had I was just trailing the stop under here and then I was looking for the exit right there. I love these trades cuz they shake out super super quickly, right? So, I just trail the stop under here. Even if I gave it a lot of wiggle room, you're still looking at like 1.6 and I didn't give it that much wiggle. So anyway, um that was really it for the short holiday weekend. Then on 6:20, I just did a broken wing butterfly for the cues and I just kept the credit. I talked about it live on our morning stream on Friday and that was just um let's see, that was a Oh. Oh, it's cuz toss is doing maintenance right now. So they they're they don't show you. Yeah, let's see here. Nope. Yeah, they're toss is doing maintenance right now. So I can just reconstruct it. Um that was just on this. So on the open on Friday um on Friday it was a like a open near the high. So what I did was a five let's see I did 536. I bought a 536, sold the 537 and then um I believe uh what I do bought like a 540 or something like that and that allowed me to collect a credit for that. It's essent it's a broken wing, right? And so I was able to collect like a nickel per spread or something like that. And so I like that situation because if these buyers were going to press the issue, I kind of doubted that they were going to see acceptance over 538. Um, so you know, in that situation, because you put a credit on for that spread, if you move sideways or lower, you just keep the credit. All right? And the only way that that trade can really work against you is if it blows past your your the strike, the the far strike. So, I just kept the credit on that and that was fine. And I like those. I think I'm going to try to do those spreads on days that I stream because it's it requires a lot less management than, you know, day trading futures. So, that was it. That was my week. um just a bunch of base hits. Really nothing to write home about, but it certainly adds up. So yeah, that's it. Um so if you're interested in, you know, learning how to trade like that, again, if you're want to see playbyplays every single day, hanging out with uh me in the futures room or just in our community at large, we got like a thousand people in the chat room. Obviously Dan is always in there contributing a ton um along with team, you know, Funko and Lori and Denzy. Okay. Um, yeah, give the give the chat room a shot. Links in description below. Otherwise, I appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. And I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.