============================================================
Video: lbBfID4AzaI
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Can Buyers Hold The Line?
Date: 2025-08-31
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5689
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:13.502821
============================================================

buyers rallied to new highs last week but fell back into range during Friday's trade. Is the retracement a red flag? Or are buyers still positioned well for new highs? And what do they need to get done in order to press the advance next week? My name is Lamont, full-time trader part of the chart guys team where I head up our swing report and our futures room. In this video, we'll cover all of that and more. So, let's get into it. All right, so starting off with um SPY here as we were talking about just now. Well, if you recall from two weeks ago, what we cared about this week, which was very heavy data week, we cared about whether or not these buyers could maintain uh over this guy. We wanted to see them get back over 64338, which is the point of control of this all-time high structure here. Um because affirming this structure as demand would keep these buyers positioned well for new highs. So, that's still what we care about next week. So, what happened this week was that that we started off with a bit of a pop and drop here. And um that was not great, but we knew that again as discussed last week that if we were going to fall back under the point of control of this all-time high structure, the next objective for the sellers should have been to come back down here. It should be, it still is to get back down to 639.85. They want to negate this next meaningful area where there was value established in the past, especially because this is where the buyers last defended, right? Um that's what happened right so the sellers had a pretty decent start opened up over here popped and drop at the value area high moved down under the value area low but could not close this gap could not come back down and test this 6985 it's not it's not a really cap but what I mean to suggest is that they could not advance to the next meaningful uh breakout point so uh this breakout and this breakout continues to be affirmed as long as over holding over 63985 and so the best case scenario after this break into new highs on uh Wednesday and Thursday's trade would have been to keep holding over 640 650, right? That would have given these buyers the absolute most confidence, right? Because then that means that we're holding over the uh prior all-time high. So, that is not what we got. However, you'll notice the low of the day on Friday was pretty much right at the point of control. So, these buyers are still positioned well for new highs as long as you can hold over 64338. Now, you know, the way that the price action ended at the uh you know, close, it doesn't it doesn't really inspire a lot of confidence, right? It looks like a potential bare flag here. And the uh sellers notably took out this area of demand from a session to session perspective. And the buyers throughout the entire session could not get back to the prior regular trading hours low. So, this was notable, right? Despite the fact that these buyers kind of attempted a bounce here, it was not a very strong bounce. So, we're right back to caring about 64338. All right. Um, next week. And so again, if we can hold over 64338, doesn't have to be a perfect goal, right? If if you uh drop and pop under it and then hold above, no big deal. Um, so that's pretty much it. Moving on then to Oh, actually, we have these trade zones here, right? Um, all right. So, this one already came in, you know, got to your target already. This was the ad for this original or if it's a fresh new position, you know, whatever. hasn't quite gotten to the target yet. The target should be adjusted because this was based off of, if I recall correctly, was based off of the monthly R2. And now we're rolling over to to a new month. So, um I don't think it's updated yet. Oops. It's not updated yet. So, we'll just have to update it um next time. But, I do think it would be reasonable to take some profit on this ad. uh walk your stop up to under this low 63295 and and then leave a stop for any remaining position still just under this low. All right. Uh moving on to the Q's here. So the Q's is kind kind of a red flag, right? I'm thinking bigger picture. We're probably looking at some bigger picture balance chop here, right? Because uh it's just a big retracement, right? This was a pretty notable retracement straight into a higher high that could not hold into another big retracement. So, it just looks like something like this is shaping up or something like this is shaping up or something like this is shaping up, something like this. Uh, the market spends most of its time balancing, you know, and we've seen smaller periods of balance here on the way up here. Um, but we haven't really seen like a prolonged period of balance in quite some time. So, I would not be surprised if that's what we're looking at right now. And I think we talked about that in prior videos. I'm not sure if that was during prior weekend updates or whether it was just during, you know, one of the updates during the week. I'm not sure for our community. Um, but it's something that we've been keeping an eye on, right? And what we wanted to see to decrease that potential was to get back over 57463 and hold over it, right? Because so far the breakout over this high is is kind of the problem right now, right? They couldn't hold it over here, right? And then they failed to hold it again um last week. And so this is potentially a head and shoulders kind of pattern here, right? And what we care about whenever there's a potential head and shoulders pattern, which I think we talked about last week, is just the supply sitting at the top, right? This is what we care about. No different than if we're looking at like an inverse head and shoulders like maybe I don't know, let's see, even like this big old janky one over here. What we cared about was the demand sitting making for the head, right? So if these sellers could not take out the demand, this structure over here that's making the head, then this right shoulder was going to print. So that's that's kind of what we're looking at right now. As of right now, if these buyers cannot overcome this structure, then this potential head and shoulders is certainly on the table. Um, so next week, what do we care about? We care primarily about um I would say the key upside reference is 580.06. And then the key downside reference uh I would care about this guy, right? So this structure over here from July 17th to the 24th is what held this most recent um uh sell-off, right? This is where these buyers played some defense here, making a good amount of space for a higher low. I don't really care about this dinky one. I would say anything over 558.84 will be good for one. Um I think the key downside reference that we should care about next week is 56606. If these buyers can keep defending this structure and then we see balance like this, right? Just bouncing over like this over this guy that would be fine, right? But if we lose this as support, that would be quite notable change in my opinion. And the odds of us seeing this uh head and shoulders play out would be would increase. But you know, bigger picture, if you can't take out this high, right? So this breakout, this breakout ever since uh June 24th was over this big chunk of uh structure over here, right? So right now it's acting as demand. And if these sellers bring us all the way down here, but can't take this guy out, it's really not that big of a deal either. Okay, so again, that's kind of bigger picture, right? That's like looking at the monthly chart for example here. Here's this monthly chart. And if we were to retrace but hold this structure over here, uh no, right? Essentially, that would mean that this breakout over the February 3rd high continues to be affirmed as long as holding over 540.81. All right, so that's pretty much it. Moving on to the rut here. So for the rut, um it's it's quite clear, right? The rut is still showing you a lot of relative strength, right? The narrative right now is rate cuts and rate cuts should benefit these small caps. And so the rut's still showing you that relative strength, space for a higher low, daily retracements underway. Anything over 223.6 269 would be good for one. I think the key downside reference is just going to be 23146. That's this high over here because this breakout over it on August 22nd of course being affirmed as long as you're holding over 23146. Upside references I'm thinking this guy the all-time high supply. This is all that that's left in the way before our new all-time highs. Its value area low is at 23850. And so I'm thinking I would not be surprised to see us chop around like go over uh over this guy, right? Over this fella and under this fella for some time. That's just kind of what the rut does. The rut spends a lot of its time balancing because it's, you know, 2,000 different names within it, right? So there's it's very hard to get 2,000 things to agree on anything, you know? So um that's pretty much it. It's just like um you know it's like trying to get your friend group to agree on what to get for dinner. You know it's like someone's always unhappy you know more or less. Um not me. I'm I'll eat anything. Um that is uh pretty much it for the rut here. So moving on to the Dow. Um since I don't I don't think the Dow still hasn't gotten to target here. Um, but at this point now, this is enough of an advance where I I would definitely pull these bids lower if you're using this trade zone of old and walk your stop up to under this guy, right? Because this is the local area of demand. So, 445.88. Again, I would pull these bids lower. Walk your stop up to under this low. I mean, I'm sorry, up to this low. Ideally, chop it up to because, you know, you don't need to chop it, right? If you only got this fill here, you walked it up to here, I would give it some leash to try to get to target first. Um, personally, anyway, still just trying to make it crawl its way up to the yearly R1 here. The Dow is honestly showing you quite a lot of relative strength, right? It was able to maintain this new breakout. It's a breakout over this prior all-time high as well. Um, so quite notable. Key downside reference next week is 45215 and I'm looking up at the yearly R1 as the next day plus objective for the uh R for the Dow uh weekly time frame as well is making a lot of space for a potential higher low with anything over 433.40 good for one mega caps or large caps I guess are doing looking good. Um all right that's pretty much it. So what else we got here? Moving on to the No. What? No, that's not right. We do the dollar next. Okay. Um, so moving on to the dollar here. So the dollar, again, I would really not make any changes to this. It's it's it's a very straightforward balancing kind of a setup. We've been balancing since um April 10th under this guy, right? Under this Oh, okay. I see what's happening here. BHS under this guy over this guy. Um I would make no change to this, right? This is just how you want to handle responsive trade. Just like these setups in here. I think there was a failed attempt in here. These all work. This worked out fine. As soon as you see this high set by this structure and then the this low set by this structure, you can already start getting aggressive here and getting aggressive here, etc. So, um it's basically a repeat, right? Like this these setups here are pretty much the same idea as this one over here. So, um I think it's fine to just stick stick with it. Obviously, walk your stop over here and if you see follow through under the uh 97.445 445 level then I would walk the stop to over this high 98.725 but for now I would just stick with it and I think the buy is also quite reasonable. All right. So, no change to the dollar. Goal going for that breakout here. Um, in this case, you know, to to turn the adjust on to match the the uh like the the spot price, I guess, would make the more sense. But either way, gold is going for that breakout now cuz in the futures chart when you when you don't adjust for it. Um, you know, looks like we've already had this higher high fall, which is something that I think I should be more mindful of. Perhaps I should cover um XaUSD like Dano to avoid all of this um backwardation and contango. I think I'll do that going forward actually. So let me do this. Um All right. Okay. So for gold here, um it's going for this break. It's trying to go for this break. Very clean pennant. like it looks like it's, you know, ready to go here. Could it just fall back into range? Sure. If you can't find acceptance over 3451.525, that's this high over here, then you probably continue to tighten up. If you continue to tighten up, I think bottom fishing using the developing po the uh developing value area low is probably a good place to make an attempt here. Hang on a second here. So, you don't get that setup back here, but you know, this one worked out quite well. This one worked out quite well. It stops you all over here. This one might be tricky. The risk is not there. So, maybe you pass on this one. This one works quite well. This one works quite well. So, if it were to give you another opportunity to do so, then, you know, I think that's a reasonable setup. In prior videos, I do recall saying I didn't love that because I was looking at the futures chart, right, where I was interpreting this as a higher high that lack follow-through. And so, higher highs that lack follow-through, you typically will see the sellers make an earnest attempt at testing the lows of the range. So, this that was just a bit of an error on my part. I should have checked the spot price. So, apologies for that. Um, at this point now, space for a higher low. I don't care about any of these dinky ones. So, I would say anything over 3311.560 would be good for one. And if you didn't catch this, you want to catch this, you can just wait and see if this breakout actually does get affirmed. If it does, great. You can look for a back test play, like wait for it to break out, look for a back test play, etc. Um, fundamentally, I think the the narrative makes a lot of sense to um see gold frame just cuz the dollar looks questionable as more questionable than it has in a long time at least, right? because you know just looking at it from a technical perspective not getting political at all um you know we've been bal the dollar has been bouncing since 2022 in this range and now we've seen you know fresh like threeyear lows so um all right moving on to NVDA so MVDA uh earnings pretty much a non-event really there was some whipsaw action in the overnight session and a pop and drop and the at the uh all-time high but you know as we know what we should care primarily about is this this guy over here, right? This this back test over here. We care very much about this fella. Why? Because if we zoom out and just look at it on the weekly time frame, this is the where there was the last amount of value, right? That a meaningful amount of value that was established and it's sitting right on top of this big old block of demand here. So, if these sellers can take us all, it's kind of like what we're talking about with the uh February February 2025 high in the Q's, right? Bigger picture. If these uh sellers can't even get us back down here or can't get us through here, no big deal. It's the same for NVDA, right? And so for, you know, for NVDA, if you're um looking for a uh kind of a more value um purchase, then I would say over here is a pretty good spot to look for that. Um so really no change to the MVDHR in my opinion. Weekly stairst step has now broken. Uh sellers not really advancing that much yet. The monthly is still fine. Lots of space for a higher low as well. And um that's really it for NVDA. Moving up to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin uh it's they are now slowly making their way through this area of local demand. But at the same time, if they cannot trade through it, this structure is still being affirmed as demand. I don't know where my uh drawings went here. Is this it? No, I don't think so. It's uh this. No. Okay, that No, that's not it. Uh this guy, you know what? Honestly, I I think it's better to just look at this as like one uh weekly structure. So, I would just view it like this here. Let me just get these out of the way. I would view it as this like one big old structure on the weekly time frame here. And so, as of right now, the the point of control roughly 103868. I'm thinking this guy firmed as demand as long as holding over there. Best case scenario would be to hold over the weekly value area high here or the value area high of this weekly structure 108804.88. 88. Um, and that's really it. But again, even if these buyers can hold over at 103868, then this structure is still being confirmed as demand. That would be fine, right? It's no different than here, right? Like this was a break over this structure. Didn't see that much fall through. Retrace back down into it, but don't take out its point of control, which is roughly over here and that was fine. Same dealio over here, right? You back test this structure, no problem. Um, you know, it is less space, right? Like there was much more space on this breakout. there was much more space on um this breakout as well. So, this little higher high not really seeing that much followthrough. It's a bit of a red flag to be completely honest with you, but we still take things uh day by day and call them exactly for what they are. And as of right now, as long as they're holding over this structure, these buyers are still doing fine. And I stand by that trade zone. I think this is a reasonable spot to be looking for. No, that's not this damage. The one that was I'll clean all this up by next week. this one. I still think this is reasonable um location for a potential buy. Okay. Uh Ethereum here. So for Ethereum, I really no change to this either, right? That again the higher high lacking follow through not ideal, right? It's kind I think XRP to something similar, right? Where they pop and dropped at the alltime high. So that's certainly not ideal by any means. But weekly time frame, you know, that higher low not really confirmed yet. I would say anything over 354.56 still on the table. Monthly time frame, good amount of space for a higher low as well. Again, you you can't love that, right? If this is going to be a higher high that doesn't see follow through, the seller should try to test the lows of the range. And we've been bouncing in this range since 2020. So, um how we're going to assess, you know, what's going to increase the probability that we come back down and test the lows of the range. It's all about this guy. So, I still think this is a reasonable spot to be looking for um trade. This is the last area where there was any kind of uh acceptance, right? this good amount of two-way trade here. And so if into here, no acceptance and we just keep bouncing like this over this structure, the high which is at 3941.86. Um, no big probably start killing some of these yellow lines are kind of distracting. Um, all right, that's it. And then finally for CCJ. Okay, so pop and drop CCJ gap up into new all-time highs and no follow through on that. Again, not ideal. Bit of a trend here, huh? But this consolidation is still very healthy. And CCJ spends a lot of time trading sideways. So again, I would not be surprised if eventually we come back and back test this prior all-time high structure here, which would just be looking for a monthly higher low. Anything over 35 bucks even would be good for one. And you can just see this is a monthly time frame. You can see how often it spends a lot of time trading sideways. So I would personally still just be most interested in looking for a back test um against the highs of this structure here. All right. So, that is it. Uh, trade review. I think we did a few trades. This I don't know why it's not not really sticking in memory. Doesn't didn't seem like a terribly eventful week. There was one good trade in the middle of the week and a full stop. So, kind of an eventful uh week from like an action perspective, I guess. But anyway, let's get into it. Um, so let's see. for on 826 I sold RTY against the the one minute stairst step against the high of the midday structure. Let me let me recall. Oops. That was Tuesday this day. So it must have been early on. There was a stop. Okay. I recall. Um it was here and I was just I just sold this pop like over uh I sold this pop over this high because it was a really weak open here and the sellers were positioned well to move or they well they were moving value lower as long as they could hold under the value area low and I was thinking all right well as long as they can hold under this midday balance then the the selling that started on this day would continue and on the daily chart I was looking for a back test of the 23146 if I'm not mistaken I believe that was the piece uh for a back test of 54 testing 54. Hang on a second here. 54. Why was I looking for 54? I'm thinking potential for a tight name pop and drop at yesterday's hourly lower high. Am I on the right day? Hang on a second. Let me just find the uh Ah, 54 was just this local high over here. Okay. So, I sold this SS looking for a back test here. Bigger picture. I was thinking maybe I was thinking we probably continue to balance more after this. All right. I was thinking okay well the value was very much overlapping to slightly lower. I'm thinking on the daily time frame we should be trying to come back here if these sellers are going to try to retrace. So the first first place where I'm thinking these sellers might have problems is just this this last breakout point. So sell that uh chop it up chop it up and I I was thinking maybe making a mistake picking on the relative strength. I don't know. Either way, chop 54 and then I stopped out the rest and then I didn't do anything for the rest of the day because that context was no longer appropriate for the idea that I had um in the morning. So that was it. Um just a little basic 827. This was a pretty solid day even though I did get shaken out before a larger move. What can you do? Sometimes that's how she goes. Um all right so for the ES827 we are here and let's see the daily chart looks like this chart 37 27th is here okay so it's a pretty oh okay right I remember this was this is one my favorite place and this was one that we did last week too right on the IWM we sold it over here because the open was right on this key daily level I think this is if you're going to trade the open this is probably one of the um easiest ways to go about wherein uh what you want to do is you want to see that open right on the key level and then because that open is right on the key level. You know that the open represents both the key level and also uh what the cash market is doing right if the open if the uh price is under the open the cash market sellers are in control. If the price is over the open the cash market buyers are in control. So, it's kind of telling you two different things, right? And so, um, on what was it on Wednesday, we opened up right on the value area high of this all-time high structure. And so, if we hold over the open, these buyers, they should be trying to come here, right? So, the R on that trade, if you don't see a lot of retracement uh below the open should be pretty good, right? So, the ES So, that's a context of it. Um, so again, the context I like to I like to um summarize the process with context gives you uh bias. Bias gives you location. Location gives you the tactic, right? Which tactic to select and that's the priority of things, right? You should assess the context first to get good um uh direction of bias. And then the direction of bias again leads you to your location because if you're thinking long, your next question to yourself should be, okay, well, where is their good value to get long? And in this specific situation, uh the good value to get long is ideally off of the open if they can continue to hold over it, right? Because that's where it's going to be cheapest to find out if they can hold that value very high, right? And then if you're wrong, you're wrong super quickly. No big deal. Um, so I just bought this new high. Uh, I I would have been open to buying the pass back over the open um after the failure to get to the overnight low, but I was responding to a question. Um, so, you know, bummer, but is what it is. No problem. So, I just bought this new high here. Uh, that's at 9:31. Buy the new high, stop under the low of the day, and I was thinking it's a notable failure to tag the overnight low. And we're at the daily value area high. So, that's that daily context I was talking about. Um, and I'm looking for a PDC chop. The PDC, obviously, it's moved now, but the PDC chop was over here. Chopped it up at the PDC. And then I was looking for Oh, I I don't have the overnight uh overnight high. See, hang on a second here. I'm sorry, the overnight low. Uh, let's see. No, it should be the overnight high above looking for more at the H. So the on is O is there. And I just took it out at 88 under the overnight high just because it just that's my meme exit. I just like exiting at 88 or wherever there's an eight. Um, so I took it out out mouse at 88 and then I just uh I didn't walk the stop until later on in the session 1140. I walked the stop because this occurs, right? So you have this little 15-minute structure over here and then you break out of it. So I walked the stop up to uh out of it. So I walked the stop up to uh out of it. So I walked the stop up to uh under this guy assuming that you know the best case scenario from here would have been to just keep holding over this guy. I I think that's maybe potentially a mistake. You know we didn't have a lot of balance here. Wasn't a clear breakout. So like it ended up, you know, chopping around a bit more, but it's kind of hard to say in that moment. So I don't really regret that too much. Um, yeah, it's kind of hard to identify that in the moment. Often time that's good enough. Like you see this 15-minut sideways and then you see a breakout, you hide it under the stop and then ideally you see a good amount of follow through. I guess in the future I could wait for some followthrough, but I was already pretty happy with these two chops anyway. So, I walked the stop up to under 86 and then stopped out the rest at uh 86, which was still a decent gain. You know, 10 points on this guy, but there was a much bigger move into the end of the day, but I'm fine with that. Still a solid day, like a pretty solid day. Let's see. It's like a 40 point day, something like that. Um and then for 828 that it was on the right here. 828 was just uh this guy and this was a gap. So I was thinking this is the daily context for 828. It was a gap and I'm thinking all right if they can hold this gap they should be trying to play to here, right? It's pretty, you know, pretty straightforward. Um but they didn't hold the gap. So, it was just not not not a uh it ended up not being a winner, but no problem. So, the let's see for 828 you what did I do here? I bought the deval. Okay, so it was over here. Uh I bought the deval pass back over over here and it was just uh looking for an incomplete gap fill. That's really all that it was. So, it bought this move back over the DVL. I was looking for 88. If I should have just taken off at the development value area high, right? That would have been fine. I I don't think it was that much. Uh I could have like adjusted it to be something like this. Um but I was just looking for the 88 VE exit. It was 2R. It stops me out. And then I bought this pass back over 83.4, but I end up just exiting at break even because I just didn't love what XLV was doing, right? like I wanted to see strength in the um uh healthcare and finance if the cues were going to retrace to have confidence in the rut buyers you know sticking around which it just didn't so um I just avoided any additional loss there. This was a full stop though so you know terribly cheap. It was like I don't know like eight more than eight points like 10 points or something like that. There was some slippage that I ate. Um so that was it. pretty fairly uneventful week, but still pays the bills, I guess. Um, so that's it, my friends. If uh that's it. Yeah. So, if you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, we appreciate that very much. Lets us know to keep making content like this. Cost you nothing. And if you are interested trading along a group of folks who you know talk trade in and share emojis and gifts or whatever, uh check out the truck guys community links in the description below. And if you're interested in um trade ideas sent to your inbox every week, live updates for any trades that we take, get an update from me and Dan, check out the spring report, links in the description below as well. Otherwise, appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.