============================================================
Video: Gu56W1n_H_s
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Bubble or BTFD?
Date: 2025-11-09
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6204
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:06:53.355293
============================================================

sellers created notable damage by breaking below key daily demand and they also made a lot of space over the local overhead supply which is the all-time high structure right now. So is the bubble that everybody is talking about popping or is this just a dip to be bought? My name is Lamont, full-time trader part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the swing report. In this video we'll go over all that and more. So let's get into it. All right. So, uh, as we were talking about, sellers created a bunch of overhead supply and they also took out this area of local daily demand, right? So, we did find a decent amount of acceptance under the point of control of this structure over here, but there was a pretty solid bounce into the end of the week and the overall market at least was kind of uh offset a little bit. the selling was a little bit offset because uh tech and um I mean uh healthcare and finance they actually posted gains. So really this weakness is really just from tech and you know it's like what Dano always says regarding the major sectors and you know to be fair right now the cues after rebalancing is is even more weighted now in the S&amp;P but um typically how we do it at the chart guys when we're trying to assess whether or not there's rotation is we just look at the major sectors right so if you look at tech healthcare and financials you put them all together It's like half of the S&amp;P. So, if they're not all moving together, then you typically don't really see like true outright, you know, run for the doors selling. Um, and I wouldn't say that this is that like I I personally don't think that this selling is um too bad because like on the daily time frame, yes, we did, you know, crack this um prior all-time high structure over here. lost that point of control. Lots of space for a lower high. All of that is true. But at the same time, if you just kind of zoom out to the weekly time frame, like this is all one big area of balance, too, right? Like we we kind of broke it up because the best case scenario would have been for these buyers to hold over this guy. But if you just view this as one big old structure, I wouldn't be surprised if that's just just a point of control hold, right? It's not a picture perfect um point of control hold or anything, but all that's happened so far if you view all of this as one structure, which on the weekly time frame, you know, it would just look like that. A little bit of balance here. Um you know, it's not really that bad. Now, how will we assess whether or not things are getting bad is on this bounce now, right? So if this bounce continues to have legs, then the first goal for these buyers is to get back over 67395 to get back to affirming this breakout. Um and then going forward following that uh they need to get back over this guy, right? 68336 is that key upside reference. Well, technically we should look for this first 67924 because you need back over 679.24 24 just to negate this breakdown from November 4th and then we need back over 68336 to affirm this all-time high supply right now as demand which would then have these buyers position well for new highs. So again, if you look at um XLV for the week, it posted pretty solid gain here over the 2022 high, right? So they're just trying to affirm this breakout again by holding over this 2022 high last week. And then um for the financials also just hanging out here near the high. So you know, and and then finally, you know, we've been watching the fear and greed index and it was already at um fear, right? Hang on a second. It was already at fear, you know. So, uh, this last week was at fear and now that we've had a little bit more selling, now we're in extreme fear again. Major tops typically don't get set like that. You know, normally major tops get set when we're pressing, you know, greed and extreme greed. Uh, extreme fear is typically a buy the dip kind of uh, situation. So, you you you consider all of those things. sector rotation, fear and greed index um in extreme fear and also the amount of retracement, right? Not really being terribly meaningful yet despite us getting back under this prior alltime high. I know I'm I'm personally leaning more towards the idea that buyers will likely look to step in and play defense. And again, how we're going to assess that whether or not they're doing a good job of that is really just this first key level um next week. So I think our trade zones have come into play now. Um yes. So our spy zone this is what we were looking for. Recall and you know I didn't draw that structure out as like this right we didn't we didn't do this um to establish this zone but I pretty sure like if we just sync this globally and look at it over there um you know essentially ended up being right at that point of control. So, I think we used the uh high volume area as a bit of a reference. So, this is in play now. You know, I do think it makes sense. I still think it's a very reasonable um location for trades. You know, no different than all of these other, you know, setups. I guess not group 10, but nine and seven. I think there was another one eight, right? So, I guess we um it's the same logic, right? We're just looking to back test prior areas of demand and then if these buyers defend those prior areas of demand, then there's really no no problem. So, I stand by this trade zone heading into next week. And moving on then to the Q's here. So, the Q's again, the Q's are really what drag down the overall market, right? It's a pretty notable decline. Um 3% that's the biggest decline since back here in March. So, pretty not. But at the same time, you know, what are they doing really just holding this guy, right? Like if we did that same thing in Q's, zoom out to the weekly time frame. Well, we don't have to zoom out to the weekly. We get, you know, we just view all of this as one big block. I guess we could start here. Uh, actually didn't even get down to the point of control, I think. Hold on. Let's see here. It didn't even touch it, right? So, that is not strong, right? This selling is not terribly strong. Again, it's it's it's notable damage in the sense that we got back under this breakout point. Um the gaps have been filled and you took out this structure, but pretty solid volume here on this buying and this so far is a miss to get to that point of control if you look at it on a you know zoomed out and view all of this as one big old block and uh remove all of these little you know kind of more granular levels here which I think is very reasonable way of looking at you know this structure. In fact, it would also clean it up visually. So, I'm actually going to switch over to that because I I just I just don't like when things are kind of cluttery here. So, view it as one big old area of balance. And we're still going to care about this key upside reference. It's the same as a spy. If this bounce is going to get some legs here, then we need follow through on Monday. Fill this gap because it actually didn't it didn't fill, right? Didn't fill. Um, and so 61318 need that need over that to get back to confirming this breakout. And then the next upside reference again very similar to SPY. We care about 62403 to negate this breakdown and then 631.88 88 to affirm this guy's demand and then have these buyers position well for new highs. Okay. Uh I wouldn't be surprised honestly if we just kind of balance under this guy and over this guy. If we can get back over 61318 I I don't know that we should expect like a V-shaped recovery. I think that might be a bit too optimistic. Um but any balance over 61318 would be fine. Right. even even holding over the value area high 60947 would be constructive relative to this local area of demand because that would just mean value is still building higher relative to this demand which it probably is right now like if we did a developing value area um oh maybe not I guess uh uh it's it is still printing higher right now so that's really it for the cues I think we had a trade zone here too yep so it's in this trade zone I still stand by it as I think it's very reasonable. Moving on to the IWM here. So, even the IWM kind of showed you this pretty solid defense here because what the sellers managed to get done last week was rotate back down to the lows of this all-time high, prior all-time high structure here. The lower line over here, the lower dash yellow line is the low of this range. And so, all that's happened so far is another drop and pop here, right? Drop and pop here, rotate to the highs, drop and pop here, rotate to the highs, drop and pop here, rotate to the highs. So, are we seeing another drop and pop here and rotate to the highs? I don't know. Nobody knows. But if you can just keep holding over the point of control of 24088, that's a pretty solid start. And then if you can get back over 24498, that was that's this prior all-time high over here. Then again, this this all of this chop is still constructive. Uh really, we care about 2488, right? We just want to keep holding over 24088 to affirm this prior all-time high structure as demand which would then keep these buyers position well for new highs. I think we have a new uh a trade zone here as well. Sure. And I again I I stand by this trade zone. It's essentially the same as this one back here. Uh and it's just designed off of that prior all-time high structure. All right, moving on then to the Dow. Um all right, so the Dow also looking just to back test this prior area of local daily demand. I think we have a trade zone. It's probably in there. Uh, no, I actually missed it. But I stand by that trade zone. Again, just designed off the point of control of this local area of daily demand. And what should we care about now? We should care about 47038. So, everybody's pretty similar, right? Like they just want to get back to affirming this breakout over the October high. Technically, I guess it's it's that one here. um this guy 47125 need back over there to affirm uh this breakout on the 24th. So everybody's trying to get back to affirming the October 24th breakdown except for the rut uh 24th breakouts correct. Um all right so daily charts technically bearish lower highs and lower lows but so far all that's happened is a back test of the value area high of this local area of demand. So we just mark it up here. All right. So far, all we've seen is a little drop and pop at the belly area high. Value is still moving higher relative to this block of demand over here. So again, the damage is not really that that bad. And we'll see how it goes. Oh, yeah. One more thing, right, regarding like the um bubble, right? um the the AI tech bubble. Um you know, it's it's usually not like a major top is usually not set with like everybody and their mom looking out for it. Um and while it's certainly problematic, I would say the the way that the certain companies like the hyperscalers and and you know, whatever, a lot of the AI focused companies are kind of just like reinvesting in each other. And so it's obviously not ideal, but at the same time, a lot of these companies to avoid taxation have been hoarding cash outside of the US. So, and within it and so, you know, they do have large war chests that they could kind of, you know, deploy over a long period of time potentially to develop this tech. So, you know, I would be a little wary of like, you know, uh bubble popping because there's just so much talk of it, but we'll see. Um yeah, we'll see. So, we'll just keep it technical and monitor these key levels and uh take it day by day. Moving on to the dollar. Uh all right, so the dollar, it's really still just bouncing here. So, initial pop and drop at the point of control of this key structure over here, which is what maintained all of this balance throughout all of this. And I still stand by both of these trade zones. There is still a lot of space for a higher low right now over 98.350. And I, you know, right now the the buyers are doing just fine, right? There's still this should actually be over here, right? You can make an argument for both, but technically this is the most local breakout. So I would say anything over uh 98.940 still affirming this breakout. Um I think it's notable that so far these buyers are defending the value area low of this structure that's contained all of this balance since um April. Um but it's it's it's really just the start here, right? You need acceptance over 99.800 to start affirming this structure as demand. Affirming this structure as demand would increase the potential that we're looking at this kind of balance going forward. So, I still stand by both of these trade zones. And if you're in from down here, you're just walking your stop up. Your new stop can just be under this guy over here, right? Because this is the local daily demand zone. So, if you were a buyer in here using this trade zone, your stop can be under 97.805. And uh I think last week I spoke about, you know, maybe not come scaling into this trade zone, but looking for a failure um at this point of control and then selling the move back down under it. And if that's going to be the case, then you know you you hit that sell here, your stop is over here, you take profit no later than 98.940 because that would be a fir uh negating this um breakout, right? So these buyers are doing okay as long as you're holding over 98.940. Leave your stop over there and then see if the sellers can follow through again with another rejection from again just this key zone over here. All right, moving on to gold. So gold, they're trying to base here, right? like this is not that bad at all by any means. The last area where there was any amount of meaningful consolidation really on the higher time frames it's this. So any kind of bigger picture chop over all of this balance is actually just fine for gold and they're not even close to coming back down to 3500. You're still 500 points away from there. So um and I think it's pretty notable that the sellers So you know we're just kind of watching these steps that were built on the way up right here. They have this step, uh, this step, this step, this step, and this step, right? These sort of areas of sideways trade, and the market tries to hold price over here initially, right? At this first step, they stall, can't hold it. Okay, fine. We walk down to the next step over here, and they do hold it now. So now you're trying to base here. If you just end up basing here, and you can't even get back to like this area where there was certainly more meaningful area of value established, the selling is just not terribly strong right now. Now, that being said, I don't care to be terribly aggressive here. I think it would be more um prudent to look for a break above this base here, then look for a back test play as a buyer against this guy. Then our stop can be down here and then we can be targeting that. I think that's a safer bet for gold. So, gold more of a um wait and see than uh take action immediately. Okay, so for NVDA, pretty sizable drop. Again, it's kind of um you know, certainly more and more discussion about the uh potential of an AI bubble. Again, I you know, I do think it is I hate to say this time is different. I don't I don't mean to suggest that, but there are some differences compared to um like say the dot bubble or um definitely financial price is very different. Um but for like the.com bubble, it's very different. You know, like these companies already have a lot of reps. the during the.com era a lot of those companies valuations got crazy and they didn't have any revs. Um but right now this current hype run is is is being led by you know hyperscalers MVDA hyperscalers and companies that actually do generate a lot of revenue. Uh additionally the you know you know it's um it's it's you know it's far away from it but you know AI has the potential to affect a lot of different industries. So, I I I don't want to say this time is different. It's I do think that there's probably going to be a major retracement. Um, but I don't think that the comparisons have been, at least none that I see, have been very good in my opinion. So, and I bet you that if you were to look at the I don't know that the fear and greed index goes that far back, but I bet that if you were to look at it, you know, um, all the way back, I don't think I don't think we have that much history, at least not for the CNN one, but I bet you that if you were to go, you know, all the way back to the do era, that, you know, I I really doubt that that high was set with fear. I really doubt it. Um anyway, so for MVDA here, uh all it's really doing right now is just back testing this big block of demand. And I think we had an aggressive area, right? I still stand by this. You know, this makes sense. This is more aggressive approach. I would prefer to look for those plays against here. I'm not sure where that is. Yeah, I would prefer to look for this guy as we've talked about, you know, adnauseium in prior videos. Um but this aggressive zone is fine, too, right? I'm not terribly interested in it because I I just prefer to be a little bit more conservative. Um, but it makes sense, right? There's a lot of value established here and as long as you're holding over this big block of demand, any balance over here over this guy would be constructive. So, if the buyers can just manage something like this, which is just balancing over all of this, then that's honestly fine. Um, they are negating this breakout, so that's uh no bueno. So, we do want to eye 19562 next week. And that's really it. Tons of space for a lower high. The new daily note change level should now be here. 201141. This breakdown is affirmed. That's almost under 2011.41. And still need a line here though. And that is really it. Moving on to Bitcoin. So Bitcoin, like we were saying in the previous weeks, you know, recycling that trade zone that we had set up um here. I didn't love it anymore, right? I didn't love this rejection from the value area low. I didn't really love I mean this was a newsbased thing but I didn't really love the size of that, right? Like if you if you think about it, this candle negated one candle negated a ton of pump over here. That's like six days, seven days of pump and then this one candle just took takes it all out. Not typically what you what you want to see. Um so again, I was I'm apprehensive. So I was apprehensive but now you know of course that was the um did seem like a decent decision because you know we would have that would have been a stopout although this trend zone's already worked a few times. Um now what do we care about? We care about this guy here 97948.56. The sellers they should be trying to negate this breakout here. They failed to do so over here. They're close to doing it again over here. This should be their objective. And if you zoom in, remember we're kind of using this guy as a gateway structure into uh this uh demand from the bottom. And you know, you just zoom in a little bit here and you you'll see a lot of detail, a lot of battle for these key levels. Value area high rejection, value area high rejection, point of control rejection, point of control rejection, value low, double top. So, you know, market very clearly telling us that yes, this is a key reference that we should be monitoring here. And if we do see lower lows next week, again, we're just watching 97948.56. Got to get back under this guy to negate this breakout. And that would be pretty notable right at this point. Now, the more acceptance that you find under this guy, the more likely that we're looking at all of this as balance, right? We could be looking at a situation like this or a situation like this where you just kind of trade sideways. Now, here's the last time, right, that the monthly made a higher high, lacking follow-through after a major breakout, right? Major breakout, higher high, lacking follow-through, and then we just chopped around for a long time. So, that's kind of what's happening here, right? A couple of higher highs, honestly, lacking followrough. So, I wouldn't be surprised if we're looking to for some bigger picture balance here, which would then kind of open up uh 74K, right? So, again, that would not be bad structurally from a bigger picture perspective. If you just chop around here over this, then it is still higher prices relative to this last area where we balanced for three or four years. So, um that's what I'm thinking bigger picture and it's really a matter of okay, well, can these sellers keep holding under 103498.85 to affirm this as supply? If so, then that thesis of bigger picture balance would uh increase the potential for that would increase. All right, moving on to Ethereum. So Ethereum like we we set up the sell in Ethereum because uh it didn't make a new high, right? So while we were apprehensive to be buyers, right, in um Bitcoin, right, based off of what we all just discussed, it did break to new highs. So Ethereum was our um sell vehicle of choice because it did not break to or rather broke to new highs and barely and then rolled over again. So so far this trade is working out pretty well. If you hit this zone, you probably want to pull these asks over here. Walk your stop to like over 4295.57. And right now at least, the sellers are doing a pretty good job, right? They're they're holding price under this fella over here, which was the consolidation of this move. And now from if we're going to reject from this structure over here, we don't really need this. From this structure, 4017.56, it's point of control. That's this guy. That's this fella over here. 4017.56. Major rejections throughout all of this balance here. And so that's why we designed the trade zone as such. And if you keep affirming it as supply, then increases the potential that we're looking to get back down here. All right. So I stand by this very reasonable spot to hit that sell. I would walk the stop to over here. Take some profits. I probably make sense. That's a pretty sizable gain from even from just this lower fill here. You're still at 15%. might as well chop this up. Walk your stop here. And then if the sellers can manage another area of supply and breakdown, great. Then walk your stop to over here. All right. And then finally for CCJ, uh I'm I'm I'm not changing anything to this either, honestly. Like it it does look fine. You're just back testing this area of demand over here. Lots of space for a daily lower high under 110.16. But you know again my my opinion is that we'll likely see a period of major consolidation like this or like this. Um just like this was major consolidation major consolidation major consolidation major consolidation. So new breakout um I would imagine that eventually we'll see a major consolidation and if that's going to be the case and I'm most interested in what it looks like over here. I know that's the same thing that we've been looking at for for weeks now, but that's the name of the game when you are swinging on these higher time frames. All right, so that is it. Um, let me see here. Got some trades to review. Not too many trades. Been looking to kind of pump the brakes a little bit. Be take a little um not time off, but just trying to be a little bit more relaxed during the week. don't really wanna don't really want to work too hard. Holiday season is always stressful and so I'm just pumping the brakes especially um getting ready to do taxes and stuff and freaking hate the paperwork. So, let's get into it. Um all right, so I didn't do anything on the 3. Uh I was out for the day. I'm very often out on Mondays and I think Monday was actually a pretty solid day of trade. No, it was whatever. Um, all right. So, for 114, let's see what the heck did I do on the fourth here. Oh, this should be in here. Okay, so on the fourth initially, the stopout here. So, the let's, you know, start with the daily context on the fourth and the fourth is here. Um, all right. So, we set up, we opened up really weak. It was a gap down. So, I guess I was just looking for a roll under the open to target this point of control. Although, I do remember acknowledging in the um uh morning rundown. I do a morning rundown for the futures room every uh pretty much every day except Mondays. Uh sometimes Mondays, but usually not. It actually already got to the target during the extended trading, so I was a little bit apprehensive to play that momentum right off the gate, but I still tried it because they failed to get to the open here. So, I I figured, all right, well, if we're not going to get to the open here, roll back under the deep, they probably try to get to the overnight low. Um, I was wrong and so I stopped out of that. Um, that's just this over here, eyeing the potential pass back under the open for RTY and then I sold the Deepo because I figured that was potential failure and it was cheap, super cheap. So, you know, tried it there, gave it some wiggle, pretty slow tempo in the selling was a bit of a red flag and then just stopped it up. And then um I'm saying all right if RTY 1 minute stair step into 2465.2 then I'll take another shot. And then I I'm also acknowledging that 2463 is the 1031 low. And that's just these levels over here. Um let's see the fourth. It's just this guy. Oh, I thought it was marked up. That's just this guy and this guy, right? 65.2 and 63. 65. Yeah, 65.2 and 63. And so I'm thinking, all right, well, these are kind of the levels of change, right? This is the October 31 low. And then this over here, 6Y.2, that's that lower that's the uh the the level that they lowered load through and then couldn't see fall through. So this is a notable area of change, right? This breakdown and then this breakdown continues to be affirmed as long as under these two key levels. So I'm thinking, all right, these buyers, they're strong right now, but they don't really create meaningful change without getting back over these two guys. So, I'm watching this guy for this area for the potential. Hey, Mr. Barter. For the potential uh of a trade if we stair step into it, and we do stair step into it. Cat just came in and left. Okay. Just wanted to know that he could be here. Um yeah, so I looked for the stair step here and sold this breakdown. Um sold the one minute stair step after testing that level. And it's actually should be here. Smart cross should be here. This stair step here. Um, let's see. Uh, looking for a 454.5 back test. And that's just this guy. 454.5 is just this tiny little area where they consolidated before another breakout. It's just this tiny little overlap here. This like inside bar. I figured if they're going to have problems on the way back down to the regular trading hours low, then it should be there. Um, so I get that chopped chopped it and then I'm saying looking up for more above the regular trading hours low. That's over here. And it takes I don't think that's right. I'm pretty sure it was a lower target. But either way, I looking for a regular trading hours low. And this one now it makes me wait super long time. Super super long time. Almost stops me out. Um, but finally gets there. I chopped it up and then it really didn't look like that trade was going to work. against like you just never really know. Like I know people everybody has a tendency to kind of want to think is this trade going to work and then like you look at the chart and you see patterns or whatever and it's like oh it doesn't look good you know and then maybe you get jumpy. More often than not you should just leave it alone. Like there is certainly something to say regarding like intuition. Um but more often than not just accept the risk and and just let it ride because you know the It may look terrible and then and and it might wake make you make make you wait hours but if the trade is not invalidated it's not invalidated you know um so anyway uh to take take more off here at 121 it's over here 1221 and then I walked the stop at the end of the day to over 2461.2 and that's just because 2461.2 two is here, right? Yes, this I just walked it down here at the end of the day. Um, and then moving on to the fifth. So on the fifth here, on the fifth it was this. So, I was looking to add to the trade here because they failed to get to the overnight high. If the cash market buyers can't get over the overnight high, then obviously those buyers are relatively weak. So, I just hit that sell over here and let's see, I walked the stop first to a little bit lower 2452.8 and then I sold the pass back under the overnight high looking for the open. So, that's this chop over here. and then uh look for more at 2441.3 which is just this guy. So it's the same logic as before, right? This is that lower low from the prior day that they didn't see followrough. So the sellers, if they're going to be weak here and here, they should try to get back to affirming this breakout. So I look for another chop there, chopped it up, and then stop the ad and everything uh on this move up. And that's pretty much it. And then I didn't do anything on the sixth either. I forget why. I just I think I just didn't really see anything that Oh, because we opened up in the middle of the range, so I wasn't looking to be aggressive. And then I didn't just didn't really see any opportunity for a follow-up trade. I also just don't like the trade after like 10 or so. So, if I don't get it on like 10 or so. So, if I don't get it on like 10 or so. So, if I don't get it on the morning, then I just pretty much don't do anything. And then finally, for the ES on the 7th here. Yeah. Okay. uh on the 7th. So, I stream in the morning. So, I didn't do anything then. And then after the stream was done, uh I'm over here and I'm thinking, all right, uh this is the 15-minute breakdown point. 683.50. So, 683.50 is over here. That's this guy over here. And so, I'm thinking as long as these sellers are holding under 683.50, 50 then they're going to keep pressing the issue here, right? Because this breakdown continues to be affirmed. So, uh I just I'm saying, "Hey, listen. I'm eyeing that." Well, actually, I was eyeing the uh ENQ first. Uh I was eyeing the ENQ, but the ENQ didn't get there, or at least not in the time that I needed it to be there because I had to go in the afternoon. Um so, we're over here, and I just sold that move back under that breakdown point 683.50. 50. Um, and then gave it a bit of wiggle here. Uh, I was looking for a chop of 675 and 675 was just this little area of consolidation. So, I figure, okay, if these sellers are going to have problems on the way down, should probably be there. Makes me wait a little bit, but finally does get down to that target. And then I was looking for another exit at the DV val um, which was pretty much the same level, uh, as the balance at the lows. So over here, this this is that balance right before the balance at the lows over here. So I figure again if these sellers are going to have problems getting down to new lows probably over here. Chop chop. Stop it out. And then that was it for the week. Uh no home runs, just a bunch of base hits, but you know, pretty solid week from just putting together some base hits. So no complaints on that. And that is it. So yeah, that's it. So anyway, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, that would be awesome. Helps us out. Appreciate it. Uh write also if you're interested in the swing report, that would be two trade ideas sent to your inbox every week. Updates from me and Dan. Any trade that I do take, we'll just post every single action that we take. Um, and if you want to hang out with us, trade futures, get these alerts sent to you live in the chat room, talk to us, ask us questions, whatever, then check out the community links in the description below. Otherwise, again, appreciate y'all tuning in and I hope to catch you all next time. Farewell.