============================================================
Video: EhICDBUnaaQ
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Will Credit Downgrade Destroy Buyers?
Date: 2025-05-18
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7843
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:56.524483
============================================================

Rapidly improving trade relations with China led the market higher, but a downgrade to the US credit from Moody sent the futures market lower into the close of the week. So, sellers will likely take advantage of the FUD to begin daily retracement, but they have a lot of work to do to start negating the change from buyers. So, will buyers be able to defend uh after rallying hard off the lows, or are we in for an elevator down kind of a situation to affirm the all-time high supply? My name is Lamont. I've been a full-time trader for eight years now, part of the chart kai team for more than half of that where I headed up our futures room and the swing report. In this video, we'll address those concerns and more. So, let's get into it. All right, so starting off with um spy here. Uh like I said, the you know what we've been looking out for in prior weeks um from a fundamental perspective was whether or not the other shooter drop would be progress with the uh China trade wars. And it certainly did improve uh and much faster than I anticipated. I thought we were going to spend a little bit more time trying to resolve the structure here, but um with the pretty dramatic news um last week with the talks going pretty well, um China suspending tariffs, we still have the 10% blanket tariffs on our side. I forget what their side is, but it's significantly lower than you know what all the uh hubbhub was initially expecting. So, at this point now, there's a ton of space for these buyers to hold two major breakout levels, right? So, the we don't really need this guy right now. Um, the the the key breakout levels are going to be 57641 on this five, this fellow over here. Um, and then the daily no change level 570.31. So, why these two levels specifically? Well, holding over the high of the 310 to 42 structure, which is pretty much acting as a proxy of the July 2024 uh high, will essentially keep these buyers position well relative to this gateway structure into all of this all-time high supply. Um, additionally, if you can hold over 570.31, then the breakout over the local daily demand zone continues to be affirmed and there's no, you know, no real problem here. So, there's a lot of um there's a lot of fear, right, uncertainty, doubt right now circulating over the downgrade. It is notable in that it was the last major credit agency to uh downgrade the US credit from the um like the highest level of I don't know security I guess you could say it's um but you know you look back in time and uh this was Moody's uh doing the with the most recent downgrade but in 2023 um I think uh Fitch already downgraded the US credit and uh SPGI SMB the the standard and pores did that years ago um back in 2011 I see. So I I years ago um back in 2011 I see. So I I years ago um back in 2011 I see. So I I got this chart here marked up just to um show you those two downgrades. And yes, it's true that when the S&amp;P downgrade came um in August 5th, 2011, we did see some more downside, but the selling was already well underway with this kind of janky uh head and shoulders here affirming all of this as supply and then moving lower. And really all that happened was these buyers just held this area here, right? like all this demand which was the beginning of this big old breakout held fine. All right. So here's the high of that zone. You trade back down below it. Bunch of pierces through it but no acceptance really within the structure and then the the the rally kept on uh well kept on keeping on essentially. And then the last one was back in uh 2023 here and yeah it did lead to a lot of decline or not a lot more but like 10% more decline. That's true. It was like pretty much the beginnings of a pretty major it was coming off of a major swing high, right? You could say it accelerated followthrough off of this swing high. Fair enough. But if you just look to the left here, all that really happened was that they back tested this structure over here which at that time was the all-time high supply. So in that sense, technically it is similar, right? That this downgrade is rather similar to our current situation where we have rallied back to the all-time high supply over here and now the downgrade has hit. So, you know, is there the potential that these sellers kind of pounce on this? Sure. Um, but in my opinion, it doesn't really change much. The credit situation I'm saying doesn't really change much. Like, okay, yes, our, you know, what are the implications of that, right? Okay. So, our credit rating is lower. Um, all right. So, then maybe there will be potentially less demand for bonds. Okay. Would that would that rem remove US treasuries as like the most dominant safe haven? Uh, no. Right? Because as long as the dollar is the global reserve currency, that's not really going to happen, right? So you and and ever since we came out with the gold standard, it's kind of hard to remove the dollar from the global reserve currency status now, right? Because yes, we are no longer the industrial leader, right? And historically speaking, when um you know, how do hedgeimons rise, right? And typically you control industry first, right? You're the industrial powerhouse. And this when currencies were backed by the uh gold, right? Then if you become the industrial powerhouse, then everybody is buying your goods. If everybody is buying your goods, then they need your currency. And if your currency is, you know, backed by gold, then that means you have gold, right? So they're either going to how are they going to buy a currency? They they need to exchange it, right, for gold. So um or your goods, right? They So that's how things were for uh pretty much until Bretton Woods, right? until Nixon took took us off of the dollar standard, right? So taking us I mean the excuse me the gold standard. So taking us off of the gold standard made it so that all right so the dollar is no longer pegged to gold and so then now what we can do with with the Fed is just you know print money right so like at any given point we can always just print more dollars. Now that does cause inflation. That causes its own set of problems. But it does keep us pretty secure as global reserve currency status. And as long as we have global reserve currency status, then our bonds should still be uh the most stable, right? And it's very hard to remove us right now, right? Yes, we we're no longer industrial leaders, but uh the economy is still very robust, right? Services, finance, tech is all very robust. And then of course you have military dominance, right? So that that becomes uh that is also you know, that also um kind of cements the dollar as a reserve currency. At least we're not in the foreseeable future. Of course, things can change, but it would take a lot, right? There's no real alternatives right now. Like people worry that that the yen might become the UN, I mean, might become the global reserve currency, but you know, you need liquidity and you need kind of like governmental transparency for that, which, you know, the UN doesn't really have those two things. Uh the euro is like bogged down by governance as well. um bricks may potentially be a threat, but it's it's really not as robust. Not even close to being as robust as the as the dollar is right now. So, um like Swift, our our system. So, you know, I I I personally don't think the credit situation would be that big of a deal. If we do, uh see uh like major selling. To me, it's just a technical reaction off of supply. Just like over here during the Fitch downgrade, this led to another 10% decline. Okay. Well, here we are testing alltime high supply. So, from a technical perspective, what should we care about? we should care primarily about okay well will these sellers negate change right are these sellers going to negate these two levels which is why that is the was the focus um in the you know beginning of the of the statement right like that's what we care about so there's the fundamental take and then there's the technical take right just like we were talking about all right well the market is positioned now to potentially be climbing a wall of worry that doesn't really mean much for technical traders or it doesn't really you know we need to know how we can translate that into charts into actionable decisions and so uh uh into actionable ideas I should say and that was just a matter of the same idea here right do do these sellers negate the change that was just created and so these are the two major levels of change that just occurred if these two major levels of change are not negated these bars are doing just fine so if we see like a I don't know even a 4% decline from here no big deal right so that's really how I'm looking at it and even if we were hold over 560.76 that would still affirm this structure from uh March 10th to April 2nd as demand holding over this fella as demand rather affirming this fella as demand keeps these buyers positioned well to be chipping away at all of this supply above the July 2024 high all right the best case scenario next week would be don't even fill more gap like if you don't even come down if these sellers can't even take out um this low from Monday and or if they take out the low and they can't fill the gap that's pretty much the best case scenario all right so anyway that's pretty much it space for a daily higher low anything over 55 6.04 04 is going to be good for one. I'm not going to step into anything. I'm going to wait. I'm still staying pretty day trade focused just because headline risk is um elevated. Although the VIX has pretty much collapse. So, it's like, you know, kind of back to business as usual right now. Again, assuming that these uh sellers do not create meaningful change by negating these breakouts. But, you know, heading into next week, something like this is pretty reasonable, right? These buyers should look to defend this structure. If we do begin some retracement here, if they do hold this structure, then you know, we should be trying to they should be trying to make their way back up to test the point of control of the all-time high supply. So, something like this is pretty reasonable. It's pretty decent R as well. I'm looking for that retracement play. Essentially, this is a play for a potential weekly higher low back testing this uh reference over here. Okay, so something like that in my opinion makes a whole lot of sense. Uh I would I'm probably just going to look for day trades uh continue to look for day trades when we are in this zone. I I don't even care if we get in the zone, you know, we can just react to, you know, it's always good to have a plan, right? But, you know, there's a I think it's a Churchill quote, I think, where he says, um, plans are useless. Don't, it's not exact quote. Plans are useless, planning is essential, essentially, right? Like you want to make sure that you are in the habit of planning things, but don't stay so rigid and like only execute if your plan works out perfectly. It's like Tyson, right? What Mike Tyson said, everybody has a plan until you get punched in the face, right? So it makes sense that you know doesn't mean that going into a Mike Tyson fight you know without a game plan is a good idea. you should still have a game plan and try to execute it. But ideally, you'll think through like many different scenarios, right? So, this is pretty much the ideal scenario, but if we don't even come into this trade zone and we start seeing some strong reactions, I'm just going to try to join this momentum because as of right now, the buyers are really doing fine, just creating areas of demand, breakout, demand, breakout. And at this point now, I I really wouldn't be surprised if we were to see some balance because this is already a good amount of expansion over this daily breakout point. All right, so that was a lot just to cover this five. So, let's try to hustle on here. Moving on to the Q's here. Um, so the Q's way over the July 2024 high. So, at this point now, the key downside references, assuming that we do see selling come in next week, is going to be the high of this structure over here. This is pretty much the gateway into all of this supply. It's the gateway into all the supply over the July 2024 high, I should say. And the high of that structure is at 51145. And then, um, the next key levels lower is going to be 50517. And it's a similar situation, right? If you don't take out 492.70, that's this breakout point, then this breakout is continuing to be affirmed. So, even if we were to retrace um 6% next week, as long as you don't find acceptance under here, it's it's it's all good for these buyers. So, space for a higher low over 476.78. Anything over that will be good for one. And we can set up a pretty similar trade zone, right? Where you're looking for this higher low. Um you don't really want to take out the no change level. You don't want to take out this demand zone. You don't want to lose this point of control. So, something like this is pretty reasonable. Um ideally you'll use this trade zone if you have like you know ideally hourly oversold five minute oversold like all of these um lower time frames oversold looking for this uh initial pullback for you know retracing rather large move pretty reasonable to be looking for a play something like this. All righty and then moving on for to the rut here. So the rut is trying to make its way over this local resistance here. That's uh let's see. So it did it did close over at 209.73. So these buyers should be trying to make a move back up to the value area low of this fellow over here. This structure is what contained price over here and over here right made some major highs over here. And then uh once they found acceptance over the value area low of this structure, the point of control is really what became key. You can see how we battled for it a lot and had to hold it a couple times before these buyers made a move back up to test the all-time high which of course they failed to find acceptance above. So at this point now um higher low has been set at 205.39. Um you know theoretically if if our credit is bad lending would be harder. If lending is harder basically lending should be more costly. If lending is more costly then these small caps should probably suffer from that because they're very debt heavy. So, I wouldn't be surprised if uh the rut small caps see a bigger hit if we happen to see some selling next week due to the FUD. And if that's going to be the case, then again, the same downside reference we're going to care about is going to be the breakout point, the local daily point breakout point 202.74. Right? As long as these bars are holding over 202.74, this breakout from Monday continues to be affirmed. Best case scenario would be to hold over 205.46, the point of control of this fellow over here. holding over the point of control of this fellow over here would affirm it as demand and keep these fires positioned well to have a go at this supply this structure over here which is a pretty good reference but really the the local reference is this guy over here um yeah it low is at 220.67 67. So that's pretty much it for the rep. Moving on here to the Dow. Oops. So for the Dow, very notable new daily, no change level. It's going to be here. Uh 41775. It did have quite more gap fill than the um other sectors did. Other indices did I should say, but still buyers looking just fine. Higher low set at 41849. And uh anything over 1449 is going to be good for that daily higher low. This is the local supply on the way right now. Best case scenario completely, you know, continue to not fill this gap 4775. We'll have to see, you know, how it comes. I'm not as keen on I mean, I don't trade the Dow in general, so it's like, you know, I'm never as uh confident in setting up trade zones. I just don't have that familiarity. Like each uh each asset kind of has its own character, you know, like commodities trend much harder, for example. Um, yeah. So, uh, you know, I don't really trade it, but I I still think it would be fairly reasonable to be looking for your plays off of this guy. Not sure why it's messed up over here, but if we do happen to see a major retracement, I would be most comfortable here. A weekly time frame has a lot of space for a higher low. Anything over 37835 will be good for one. And, um, that's really it. That's really it. Uh, all right. So, moving on then to the dollar. So, the dollar is trying to grind its way back over this structure over here. This guy is what contained the lows throughout all of this balance. And it's doing an okay job of it right now, right? Because you break out over 10.190. You hold the back test of it. No back test of 99.800, which is the point of control of this fellow over here, which again was what contained all these lows throughout these like three or four years of balance. Um, so this is notable, right? The odds of us of this being a look up below and fail are continuing to increase the more acceptance that you have over 99.800 just like over here, right? The odds of this being uh this breakout into over this high, right? Here was the high of the range roughly, right? And then here's the you could you could argue that this is the high of the range. It depends on how you're looking at it, right? But either way, uh this break above the highs of all of this balance was uh shaky, right? As soon as we fell back down under the point of control 106.335 of this structure over here, which is what contains these highs over here, these highs over here, these highs over here, and this high over here. So, um, if these buyers continue to hold over 99.800, then that would continue to increase the likelihood that we rotate all the way to the highs of this side. Again, I wouldn't be surprised by that. Again, I don't think the credit rating situation should affect the dollar that much, but um, we shall see. I mean, I don't I don't I really don't see how how it would, but um we shall see. Also, this the credit, you know, um downgrade was like kind of expected, you know, it was it's the last major um credit agency to to downgrade US credit and again the other two it's for the same reasons, right? Like fiscal, you know, irresponsibility or whatever. Also, Moody's also changed the outlook to stable. So that would suggest that they're not thinking about downgrading again. Um so really all that's happened is they've aligned themselves now with S&amp;P with uh and with um you know uh the Fitch downgrade. So um that is really it for the dollar. So as long as you're holding over 10 0.190 then this daily breakout continues to be affirmed. Uh these buyers should be trying to make their way back up to this local supply the low at uh 102.38830. So, I think at this point it's pretty reasonable to be recycling this trade zone. You don't really want to uh I mean we can make a little adjustment here, right? You don't want to take this low out, this guy over here. So, something like this trying to play back to here is pretty reasonable for dollar buyers. Moving on to MVDA. So, MVDA is still cruising along and uh we do have earnings coming up May 28th. So, it's in two weeks I think. Yes, two weeks. one and a half weeks. Um, at this point now, getting back over this guy is a very good look, right? Because this structure over here is what contained all the lows of this prior all-time high supply. So, at this point now, you have a lot of space, these buyers, I mean, have a lot of space to work with to defend this fella as demand by holding over 128.53. Additionally, if you can continue to hold over 122.89, well, then that continues to affirm this recent breakout. So, MVA buyers are looking totally fine in my opinion. Lots of space for a higher low over 115.21. 21. And it's really all about these downside references. I don't typically like taking trade in the middle of ranges, right? Like we set this trade up way back when. We had a zone over here as well. Just back testing this major area of demand knowing that it would be key, right? Because there was a good amount of volume traded here. The market had already affirmed it. So, if you're still in this uh runner from this guy, at this point, it's probably fine to walk your stop up to under here, under this low at 110.2. And again, we care primarily about 122.89 89 and 1 128.53 next week. So an aggressive buyer if you're looking for like a higher low continuation play if we see retracement essentially looking to play back to this guy. So you're looking for something like this, right? This might be a rather large range. Let me zoom out and see where where the big old volume chunk is. Yeah, you don't want to come too deep into this low volume area. So something like this will be pretty reasonable in next week trying to get back to there in the next couple weeks or so. Okay. And you can use this as an ad. So if you played in here, you chopped it up on the way up, you have your stop under here. This can be an ad. You can throw a stop for everything under here essentially. So you know, walk your stop up to here 108ish if you are still in from a runner over here. And this is looking for an ad. Chop it up on the way up to the testy all-time high uh supply. Bitcoin. Bitcoin is also just chugging along at this point. Now I still wouldn't walk the stop. So if you are in from this buy over here, your stop should be under here 91685.18. That's the local daily demand zone. And I wouldn't walk this until you see a breakout. So let let these market buyers kind of trade sideways here, balance a bit and more. And then if you can see a meaningful breakout over the local high 105787.37, okay, then you can walk your stop up to under this low uh 10703.71. That's just the low of this little local uh balance over here. And you can see what's happening. It's a clear battle for the point of control and the value area low of this all-time high supply. Right? If you zoom into the hourly time frame here, it's just multiple rejections from the point of control over here, over here, over here, over here, pop and drop, clean rejection, hold to the value area low, hold the value area low, hold the value area low. So, this is notable that these um buyers so far are failing to get back to the point of control at 105,000. Just call it 105,000. Um but at the same time, the sellers are not getting back down to the value area low either. So, it's really just continues to be a clear battle between these two structures. Um, I I wouldn't be too keen on being an aggressive buyer here because this all could just be, you know, big old balance. So, I wouldn't be surprised if we just continue to trade sideways. Um, but if you're still in from here, you obviously you're sitting pretty. I would just walk your stop up to over here. And so, the key uh level to the downside is going to be 97948.56. This breakout continues to be affirmed as long as we're holding over it. If we see new highs, these buyers should be trying to make their way up to the value area high of this structure. Uh 106250.77 and then of course just the all-time high resistance left in the way uh 109358.01. All right, so that's it my friends for Bitcoins. And then for Ethereum, I like this pullback play a lot. I still like it a lot. I know the uh sell was obviously a bust with this big old rip up, but now that we're back over this structure over here, which is what made these lows over here, right? Made these major lows over here. It was defended over here. Clear battle for it over here. Um that would increase basically acceptance over 2045.61 of course should have these buyers trying to make their way back up to here. So I like this for essentially a weekly higher low play as well right with anything over 1383.26 good. Okay that's pretty much it for Ethereum. Finally UR. So for URA here again no change to this right. This is essentially just a bottom fishing play. Looking for a pullback here, potential weekly higher low. We don't want acceptance back under here. Lack of acceptance under here means we don't come back into this big old demand zone. This big old demand zone was the like the breakout uh the base before this major breakout. If you can keep holding over this fellow over here, they should be trying to make their way back up to these highs, right? Um but the first challenge would be this fellow over here, which was of course what was supporting price throughout this bounce here and this bounce over here. So that's really it as well for uh URA. And so for for trade review, uh I think it's honestly a great great one. Uh I'm I'm pretty pleased with it because I was able to successfully add to trades, which is uh what I've been trying to work on. And I was an aggressive seller last week. Um I was just looking for sells back under this swing high because remember the market has already rallied, right? So I I didn't really love being a buyer. It just kind of felt like later location buying buyers to to me because we're already so far off of this low. And at the same time, I don't really want to be an aggressive seller in the relatively strong names, right? The ES and the ENQ were still quite strong, particularly the ES um seeing a lot of rotation, still advanced quite well because the XLV and the XLF were quite healthy despite the QQQ being an inside bar on Friday. So, I didn't really want to be an aggressive seller in the in tech or ES, but the rut, you know, hadn't even made it over this local supply yet, right? So this equivalent structure in the uh ES and the SPY is this guy over here. They spent the entire week over it. For the ENQ, it's this guy over here. Again, they spent the entire week way over it, gapping above. So, you know, if you're going to be an aggressive seller, where should who should it be? You know, who should you be picking on? It should be the uh you know, the uh stepchild the middle stepchild the redheaded middle. Well, actually, don't I don't understand the hate that red-headed kids get. Well, I mean, I don't really understand the hate that step middle children or stepchildren get either. So, um let's just stick with the facts. It's the relative weak one, right? You want to stick uh you want to be pick on the relatively weak uh index, right? So, I tried to uh sell on Tuesday. Um and that was just a chop and stop. I don't have that included. Did I Did I include this one 13? Oh, I did. Okay. So, I just saw the the passback under it's like 4 minutes into the session. So, that was uh over here on the 13th here. Um this one is like just a chop and stop day. So, like it's not really that meaningful, but I guess I just wanted to include it because um because it kind of sets the tone for like what I'm trying to get done, right? So, what am I trying to get done on Tuesday is I want to sell this pass back under here because if we sell this pass back under here, if the buyers are not going to advance beyond this high, what should the sellers try to do? The sellers should try to bring us back into this range. If they're going to bring us back into this range, where should they try to get to? They try to get to here, they should try to get here, right? So, I was just thinking, all right, I've been a crisp seller and and uh if it shakes out well, then maybe I'll rotate some of those proceeds into like puts or whatever. And so, um if you check it out, I mean, you can just see how the price responds to it, right? Once we do roll back down under this high, uh meaningfully at least, you stall at the value area high for like like an entire session and then eventually you do make it down to that point of control. And that was practically picture perfect exit here. Um so, let me just walk you through. first uh attempt was just selling that pass back under and then looking to chop it up here uh here at the high of this end of the day structure. It wasn't the high, but it was like the the last swing high before the end of the uh before the gap up before the higher open the next day. And then I looked to exit at the rest at the prior days close and the point of control. Um just because if these buyers are going to play defense after they just rejected from that daily resistance, where should these buyers try to step in? they should probably try to step in at the um the close this this day's close and the point of control because they need to um hold over the point of control to keep value going higher session to session. So I thought that was a very reasonable place to exit. That's why I included it now because this idea is what also is the idea for the exit that stuck. So you know keep this in your mind. This was a very notable area of change. I sold that pass back under that daily resistance level and then uh targeted this this high and this high for some chops and then I sat through this awful day of chop. They stopped me out like pretty much at the end of the day and then they dumped it. Um so that was kind of annoying. It was still a fine very you know solid day but I didn't see the follow through that I wanted to. So again that's just that 934 you sell that pass back under it. Um 34 is this candle here. So on this, we popped right back over on this candle. So I just sold that, moved back down under threw my stop over the I think it was over the overnight high. I forget. And then looking for a chop over 105. 105 is this guy over here. Um this high is at 105. So looking for that chop over there. It was just cheap relative weakness. And then at 953, I bailed on half so I could walk my stop from the Oh, I had it over the value every high of the prior day. I just walked it down a little bit to the high of the day. And it was about a 1.5 hour chop. And I was looking for more out at the uh prior day's close. And then I was looking to walk it, right? Like I said, the prior days closed and the yesterday's point of control. So I walked it. I got the chop for the uh wip and then all the way at the end of the session at 3:33, they finally got me stopped me out on this uh end of the day move. But um on the 14th because we had a week open, I was I was thinking, okay, we should we should probably stay open to that. Oh, I'm sorry. Initially on the 14th, I I made a buy. And that was because on the 14th, we're over here now. That's this open over here. We dropped and popped. Right here was the regular trading hours low from the prior session and here was the open, right? And because we um because these sellers initially failed that, I just bought that pass back over the open. I chopped it up at the value area low and then uh I stopped out the rest over here. So, no biggie, a chop and stop kind of a situation. I think it was slightly better than 1 R. So, I still got paid for that attempt. And then I said, "All right, well, if we drill um if we drill, I'm interested in flipping to a sell." That was at 948 after after we made this low low and I got stopped out and I just explained, okay, it's a lower high play. Looking to play to the 3442 point of control again on the daily time frame. That's this guy over here, the 3442 point of control. Okay, this fellow over here. So, um, at 952, I put the seller sell starter on at the overnight low because there was a back test of the overnight low. Uh, it's not marked up anymore. Hang on a second here. Uh, hang on a second here. So, the overnight low was 14th. 14th is over here. So, overall low is right here. Okay. So, we break down and I see this move back over it. I just sold that pass back down under the uh overnight low that's at 52 right right on there uh 952 sold it and I was looking to add to it um but they should be trying to get to the value area high first and so uh I eventually walk my stop down um because I had to do a stand we had to um because I had to do a stand we had to um because I had to do a stand we had to do a standup meeting so I ended up chopping the RTY position at 1153 it was the key test of the prior low walk stop we're running to above the open with a slight wiggle and that prior low was just uh this guy over here. Key tested this part. Wait, hold on. Let me make sure. Um 1153. No, I'm sorry. I was over here. So, they they made this move back down and then we popped back over it. It's definitely not what I wanted to see. And so, at 53 over here, I just chopped it up at 53 is this candle. And that was just because it was a back test of this prior low over here. We don't need this one now anymore. Um that was just a back test of this prior low. So, if they were going to set up this kind of inverse head and shoulders um potential inverse head and shoulders here, you know, it should they should look to defend this guy. This is a concept that comes into play time and time again. You've probably heard me talk about it on these um videos as well, right? If you break back down under a level, no follow through, pop back over the low of this structure, these buyers should defend that. That's essentially the psychology of an inverse head and shoulders, right? Same psychology as a head and shoulders. So chopped it up and then um walked the stop for the rest to the value area high of the 514 session and then oh wait hang on a second is that right? Uh yes stopped it and then uh that was it and then I just walked the walked the stop and then on the 15th uh so I just held the rest of the position until the end of the session. the end of the session soft ball through. So, that was no problem. And then uh I forget what I was doing, but I updated really late at 1:00 in the morning. The hell was I up? I I don't remember. Oh, my cat cat's not feeling so well. So, anyway, I just happened to be at the computer late and um uh again, if anybody knows anything about feline hyperthesia, I would welcome comments in the you know, let me know uh whatever helps for you. I'm I'm willing to try everything and anything. So although honestly his management has been pretty good since last week but anyway I digress. Um so I just walked it down to the value area high of this 514 session and then the next day at 9:36 I added to it um the sell stop for everything and that was at 9:36 and the reason for that was because on not on the on this day uh the 15th we opened under the prior day's value area low right we opened under the value area low. So, I just sold the pass back down under the yesterday's value area low because what should the sellers do if they're going to continue to advance from session to session to my point of control target? Remember, I'm trying to get back down over here. What they need to do then is hold under the prior sessions value area low and then press. And so, that's what they did, right? Uh they at the over here. So, at 9 I don't know like pretty pretty soon after the open 936 here. 36 is this candle. Um this one right here. I just sold this pass back under the value area low because I saw them struggling at the value area low. Sold it. Stop is over here and I was looking to chop it up. Um stop was over the overnight high and I was looking to be protective. Looking for a 1.8 R at the low of the demand from uh 512 which was being tested. So let's see. Looking for the low of 512 demand. I forget what that is. 512 demand. Oh, okay. This guy the low of this zone over here. So here's the demand sitting at the lows of 512. And I'm just looking for an exit right here. Um, and so that was a pretty solid R. I I I was like almost 2 R something along these lines. Stop is over here. Trying to get back down to here was like one point. It was almost 2 R. So I was pleased with that. So um, one of the key lessons for me recently to to help me be more comfortable with the ads is has been to size down and aim for better R. That's allowed me to like not feel the need to be taking my risk out so quickly because I'm I'm trying to work this new tactic of adding to trades as they go. And I'm still not like purely adding. I'm still doing like um chops to like take my risk out and pay myself. Um but that was that was a lot harder when I was staying at full size. So now I'm just trying to work these reps in, try things, try doing things a little bit differently because well, if you know, obviously if you want something new, you have to try something different. So um anyway, that's been going okay for me. I think this approach has works a lot better for me than pure ads. And so um I chopped the ad at 947. uh that was like over here because again it reached that target from the 512 and then I was looking for more out above the L and then the daily point of control for everything else and that was fine. So I walked the stop up to for the uh ad to the pop and drop above the open. So that was this guy. So we we popped over the open over here. And so for the ad, I just walked it to over there. And the ad for the uh original position from the prior session, I think was still over here over the high of the day. And then I took took out more of the ad at the overnight low. So now I'm just really sitting quite pretty at this point. And uh this the piece for the uh looking for the point of control to above yesterday's value area low is just here, right? So just walk it down. Walked it down to over here. And then I I just added so I mean I just exited everything at 10:33 and that was practically the low 1033 is this candle over here because again that's the target, right? I'm only interested in adding to the target. So the other lesson for me besides like switching the sizing up um to uh be have an easier go at like battling the psychology of adding because it's very it's counter to what I what I've normally done, you know, learning from Dan. Day trade a position with big old size, chop it up, pay yourself, hold the runner. Um I've done that so many times now that it's like kind of hard to counter condition it. But that was really good. And then um this this lesson this is just more affirmation and like why I love volume profile. I love volume profile because because um the targeting is so clear like you know exactly what the market is trying to get done. You're never going to know what the market is going to do. But if you know what the market is trying to get them, that's a big part of the puzzle. like you can always play for that potential with a lot of clarity and then know that you're wrong, right? And so, you know, this kind of an exit, exiting out everything practically at the low, I have only ever been able to achieve this using this methodology. So, those are my key lessons um for the week. That's all I got. Um if you are interested in learning this kind of approach uh whether it's like on the daytime frame with a bunch of knuckleheads in our features room, then you know, check out our community links in the description below. And if you're interested in getting these kind of trade setups like the MVDA setup for example, um which obviously was a a public setup. But if you're interested in getting these kinds of setups, uh novel ideas, two of them sent to your, uh email every week, then give the Singer Report a shot. Links in the description below. You get an update from me, you get an update from Dan. Um any trades that we take, we we publish live updates as well, just like in our futures room just like this, except there's more of a delay obviously because it goes through email, so it's going to take some time. But I try to I try to, you know, uh lay out the updates way ahead of time so that it's easier to follow along and be prepared should you want to take action similar to the action that we take. But if you're just trying to learn the ropes, swing trader, you know, if you have like a full-time job or part-time job elsewhere and you're just trying to get a feel for, you know, how we like to get it done, Swart's a great option for that, you know, just to get a feel for it. So, um anyway, that's pretty much it. If you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, we would appreciate that very much. helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. And um otherwise, I appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. I hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see y'all soon. Farewell.