============================================================
Video: Q5V2cm2VqOs
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Calm Before the Storm
Date: 2025-10-19
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 10555
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:07:34.048371
============================================================

Buyers and sellers are both defending key local daily structures while trade tensions with China heat up. Does either side have the upper hand and what do they need to get done next week in order to further their advance? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room and the strong report. In this video, we'll cover all that and more. So, let's get into it. Okay. Um so you know first fundamental backdrop right now is uh I believe China first came out and said they were going to be restricting rare earth metals which are necessary for I mean you know just in general electronic semiconductor production and magnets things like that um which you know magnets might not sound terribly important but they're critical for um a lot of different uh tech. So that is problematic. Um and uh the administration responded with uh threats of 100% tariff on Chinese goods due to set in November 1st which is like right after they were set to have tra discussions during like a I forget like an Asian summit or something like that. That's in like October and November. But yesterday they reported that um the Scott Besson was going to speak with China to um you know discuss potentially avoiding all of that. So it kind of seems like the old cycle of you know trade with China heats up market sells off discussions are announced market you know recovers a little bit and then along the way before there is any kind of deal that is made often time we'll get bumps in the road because you'll get headlines that say talks are falling apart right and basically when whenever you get the headlines that things are going better there's usually some relief price and then when uh throughout that cycle, that rinse and repeat cycle, you'll get both kinds of headlines, you know. And so, while it may seem like it's a whole bunch of nothing, like you do want to be mindful of how the market responds to what should be perceived as good information or positive information and how it reacts to what should be received as negative information. So for example, if uh like during the last time around 2017, 2018, it got it got to a point where the negative headlines for okay, you know, China trade war heating up wasn't affecting the market at all in any meaningful way. It would be like a 5 10 15 minute reaction and then it would be back to buying. Um if that is the case, then that's good information, right? That lets us know that the market doesn't really think that it's going to uh amount to much. Um and then of course the opposite is true, too, right? good news is not met well by the market, right? Okay, trade talks are starting to go well or even a deal has been reached and the market is not strong from that. Um, that would be a bit of a red flag, right? So, you know, we don't want to take information at face value. You want to kind of take the information, consider what the implications of that should be, positive or negative for the market, and then observe how the market reacts to it. That's really how you get the good um context, right? That's really how you want to get that's how you get understanding of um the context of the market. So that's pretty much it now regarding which team has the upper hand uh relative to their local structure. So as of right now as I was saying earlier last week we nothing really happened right like we we spent the entirety of the week these last five sessions within Friday's uh mother bar so to speak. And what was Friday's mother bar? Friday's mother bar did two things. it broke down establishing overhead supply and it crashed under the local area of daily demand uh point of control 662.67. So right now we should care primarily about these two levels right 669.18 and 662.67 the PC's of local supply and local demand. Now, you know, who has the upper hand here? You can kind of look at this in two ways, right? You have the micro lens, which is all right, well, who has an upper hand relative to these two local structures? That's kind of the micro lens. Um, that would have to be sellers, right? Because the sellers are finding way more acceptance right under here, right? The selling Oops. sellers have found a lot of acceptance under the point of control of the local demand zone, right? They're trying to hold the price under here in order to affirm prior demand as supply, which would put them on offense. Right? So far, buyers have been on defense since the April low because they've just been continually holding back tests of local daily demand zones. So, this is the first time that the buyers are really being threatened here by the sellers. And so, you know, you think about it from that perspective. And also, okay, how much acceptance have these buyers had in the last week over the point of control of this local overhead supply? Not that much, right? just this little bit from this one session. So from this kind of micro technical lens, you would have to say the sellers are actually looking pretty good here. But then you know you zoom out right and you think okay let me let me apply a more macro lens to this and you realize you know what actually the buyers have a lot of space to work with here at like a monthly higher low. This monthly breakout over 6 613.23 still very much being affirmed. You could retrace quite a ways from here, 8% from here and still hold this breakout point, which you know, bigger picture would be fine. So the longerterm momentum, monthly chart, weekly chart, the daily uh I'm sorry, the monthly and the weekly, even like the three month, the yearly, right? Technically, if you if you were to zoom out to like the quarterly chart looks like this, right? Just a big old higher low here. The yearly chart looks like this. You know, obviously the buyers bigger picture have the upper hand, right? So while technically from just looking at these two key local daily structures, you would have to say sellers are are looking better here, you know, just don't forget that when you're in bigger picture uh trends, right? Very often the higher time frame uh momentum will carry over eventually, right? So even if think about it, right? Even if we were drill down, get back down to here, essentially maybe you'd have weekly oversell conditions. Let me see. I don't think you would actually. So weekly has been, you know, just pretty pretty strong. We haven't even back tested the 50 RSI in quite some time. Um, like you can see when when the trend is very strong, very very often you won't even get back to testing this 50 RSI. So we could fall and not get back down there. If that were going to if that is the case, then you know, we would know that these um sellers are not terribly strong. So that's really that's how I think the best way to uh go forward with this is last week we talked about these um sell zones and you can see okay these sellers they are playing defense where they have to um but they're really not advancing that well like yes you have a lot of acceptance under this point of control but these buyers are playing defense here right like you you you hold this double bottom low of the day on this session is pretty much right at the value area low and then sellers had a pretty good start here but couldn't hold on to it failed to touch the value area low and then moved all the way to the value area high of this local daily demand zone. Now, that being said, and I know this is a lot of um points that are kind of going against each other that you all have to you have to kind of weigh out at the same time. That's just how how it is, right? It's a it's a complex situation. Most situations are, right? You know, brains don't love that, right? Brains don't love nuance. They like binary stuff. Yes or no, black or white, vanilla or chocolate, whatever. Um but the reality is that, you know, things are complex. And so another thing to consider is if we do roll over next week, these two lows are very close to each other such that you would expect just like these two lows were very close to each other and this selling took out both of them. You would expect one should expect that if you were to take out this Tuesday low, this this Friday low should crack as well. And if they that's going to happen, then they should look to press under here first things first. So if we do, if the sellers do press their advance, their micro advantage here, and then make these lower lows, what we should look out for next to assess their strength is, all right, well, what about all this value that was established back here? So if they do happen to crack down under 65221, we should look at to see what happens here. Like the best case scenario if these sellers do take out these two lows would be to to not cut down to 65221. so close that if you were to take out these two lows and still not be able to take this level out and then fall back come back into this range that would be a significant failure on these sellers parts. But if the sellers do see lower lows and acceptance under 65221, all of this value over here, right, its point of control is at 64422. And so if they can hold over this guy, then kind of bigger picture here, these buyers are still okay defensively because holding at 64422 doesn't even get close to 61323, right? So if you just zoom out and you look at um all of this price action following the breakout over the prior all-time high, there's a lot of volume here. There's a lot of volume here. There's a lot of volume here. So these are kind of our three major levels. But for next week, you know, unless things really get bad for buyers, um, we should just be looking out for these two key levels first to the downside. 65221 and 64422. You can see there's no volume traded at 65221. So again, you know, if these sellers can't trade under there, it's not very strong selling. Okay. Um, I think we had like a longer term buy zone as well. So, you know, this they these these both of these zones make sense because they're constructed off of this the potential of the overhead supply and then the potential of the over uh over uh local daily demand holding, you know, and so, you know, if you if you use either of them, you're okay if you chopped it up, right? So, just take your profits, leave your stops over the high with a little bit of wiggle, and then you can you can honestly do both, right? on like different assets, you know, and then like uh TKQ and SKQ or I mean SO forget what the uh the SPY one is now. SP XS and SPX long S spxl. We could trade those two for example and then you know let one get stopped out and then let the other one ride if anything. Sure, there are times when you do stuff like that that both sides get stopped out, but you know that's if you're picking your location well and it's not terribly often. Um and if you're taking profits along the way then also you're probably protected from that even if you know if you even if both sides stop. So I think both are very reasonable right and like which one which zone is more appealing to you should be a matter of you know your overall bias right and maybe your current holdings you know if you are very net long even your like short short-term operations are very long then maybe look for a hedge play right against here but if you're still just playing with momentum then you can just stick with that buy zone which has been you know again just constructed very similarly to um how these zones back here were set up or this guy like it's the same same same concept. Okay, so that's pretty much it for spy. Moving on here to the Q's. Um, all right. So, the Q's, same dealio, right? It's actually a little bit weaker when we look at the micro lens, right? Because the micro lens using that same exact um logic, right? We're going to ask ourselves, okay, well, how much acceptance has has there been over the point of control of the overhead supply here? uh 60867 they failed to get here. It was a very notable failure to for these buyers to get so close and not get there. At the same time, the sellers not really holding price under the point of control very well either. Certainly there's more acceptance under it, significantly more um but compared to a failure obviously. Um but not really doing a great job here either. So again, like you know, how likely is it that the higher time frames kind of are are stepping in here? I think pretty pretty likely, right? like on the again on these smaller time frames the daily chart right now sellers are doing exactly what they have to but you know who is who is playing defense here you know it's probably not just the shorterterm operators but also longerterm players who are thinking you know what we don't really think this is that big of a deal which if this big drop like a lot of the drop can be attributed to the tariff announcement which you know obviously it should be it was sparked off of that then theoretically you know if if if you know again you look what's happened back here, right? There was that big announcement and then very little ended up um following through with that, you know, that's very likely that that's happening right now as well. So, uh anybody who is a seller here, you know, again, you're really just trying to be protective, right? You're probably very net long. You're looking to hedge and that's fine. Like, you just look at how, for example, Dan, if you're in the community, how Dan has hedged. Um sometimes it's great, sometimes it's a, you know, small stop. That's just how hedges work. you know, sometimes it seems like he's a freaking wizard and and nails the top. But no, she's just taking shots when it makes sense. And then if it works out well, great. And if it doesn't, you know, it's like a a nick, a flesh wound, so to speak. Um, anyway, so it's the same dealio for QQ next week. We care primarily about 60867 and 59810. And it's also the same uh concept regarding this monthly breakout over 54128. Tons of space. we never even came back to it, you know, like the what when you don't even come back to back test the prior breakout points, that's really when the market is doing its best. So, you know, as of right now on the monthly time frame, we're not we have so much space to defend this, right? Like this, if we were to do a retracement play here, that would be down to like the uh 382 roughly retracement. I know that there's a lot of daily structures here that's makes it hard to see, but I assure you that it's it's not that much of a retracement. If you were to just come back to this breakout point and if you were to hold over that breakout point then again things are doing just fine just like over here right like you you know what was this if just a holding of this break major breakout point over here you know so that's the idea is just thinking about the market from the perspective of change like when you're zoomed especially if you're a daytime frame operator you do a lot of short-term stuff when you're like zoomed into the you know low time frame charts or whatever you see a day like this it can feel really bad right like oh okay that's got to be the start of something bigger but not necessarily right? Like this felt really bad as well, but all you did was back test this area over here. So, you know, it's important to contextualize everything. Um, anyway, same deal, right? Like 5 days within this mother bar. It's really very indecisive. It's just right back to monitoring these guys. And again, these two lows very close to each other. In fact, these three lows are very close to each other. And so, if these sellers were to take out this Tuesday low, they probably also take out this Friday low. And if they don't, again, that's good information, right? like when you consider what should happen these two loads should take should get taken out the same time if that doesn't happen that still is good intel you know so um like I don't know if um if you messed up you know with your wife or something and or your partner and you know they should be really mad and then they're not you're like oh okay something is not right here right like they're setting you up for something bigger or or they're going to ask for like a big favor or something like that right um you know it's always good information when what should happen doesn't you know um anyways so that's really it okay so if we see lower lows to take out both of these guys I'm thinking 58332 and then you can see how much of value was established here a lot of volume trade at 580.06 06 and so if we lower low back under this breakout point would be very notable indicating this breakout we it's still okay you know as long as we're holding over this guy if we just chop around sideways over 5806 that's going to look a lot like this you know like all of this bigger picture chop over here honestly looks very similar right potential head and shoulders that fails this is potentially that as well if we can hold over this guy just like this head and shoulders fail because we're holding over this area of demand it's the same situation a similar situation all Right. Uh I think we had set setups for the sell as well here. Right. And both again both. Right. So let's say you use the buy setups here. Right. Okay. Great. You can be taking profits along the way. Pull these lower orders. Right? And then you're fine with your stop under here. And then even if you did this guy, same dealio, right? Chop this up where these buyers are have um sellers are having problems. Pull this bit up here. Raise your stop lower your stop to over here. And you know, now your position both ways. Doesn't really matter which way this breaks, you know. So, that's pretty much it. Uh, moving on then to the rut here. I don't I don't know if we set up a rut trade, but um at this point now, you know, rut doing what it always does, breakout, no acceptance. So, but again, this is a very notable failure. In fact, I was playing for a sell on this day to try to target this guy. And again, this is a matter of when what should happen does not. So, just like over here on this day was this was a very notable failure. You gap down. They should be trying to get down to here. They did not do that. Notable failure. So, it's very similar on this day. You got to gap down, press lower, didn't get there, and then you rallied in the middle of the session, I believe. And then I forget honestly the specifics. Let me let me let me see. Okay. Yeah, you rally initially and then roll over. So, that's actually even worse, right? You you rally initially and they they they get caught up right at this prior all-time high, this major level over here, and then you lower low. And so what should happen after that, right after you set the high of the day, break the open, take out this value area high. They should have tried to come here. And so an inability to do that is a very notable failure on these um sellers parts. Very similar to here. You open up here, roll back into this range. They should try to get to the lows of the range. They should try to get back to the point of control of under the value area high and they don't. Um so that's again that's just notable to me. Uh you know how it's always something that you have to keep like carrying forward in your narrative. doesn't mean that okay for sure now we bet the farm on these buyers. No, it's just okay that has occurred and now we just keep watching that to see okay is that um lack of a test here going to continue to be affirmed right that's what we should look out for next week in the rut. If they can't get back down to 24088 then this prior all-time high structure is still being affirmed as demand and that's obviously a good good look for these buyers. Okay, so key downside reference 2488 and um 24498 we we care about as well to see if we can move uh high prices relative to the um prior all-time high can be accepted and then of course the upside reference is just going to be the all-time high. I don't know if we set up trade zones I get here. What? Oh, okay. Yeah, we did that last week. So this was a busted one. Um no bueno. What can you do? And then this one worked out obviously just fine. So again, you can kind of hedge your bets here. Trade both ways. Um, I honestly I guess we could be like more patient with another sell zone, right? Let these sellers take out 24088. Even waiting to to take out 23774 to increase the potential that this is acting as supply, which would then increase the potential that we fall back down into all of this range, right? Because if you fall back down under this guy, we're probably doing this again, you know, like just like all of this was trying to resolve this structure and now we're trying to leave all all this balance here and this is the key reference for that. Okay. Um that's pretty much it here. So moving on then to that's not right, is it? No, it's the Dow now. All right. So the Dow. Okay. We have this cell set up again. This just like the Q's um SPY IWMs. Same concept, right? You have this overhead supply. If you reject from here, they should try to bring us back down to where they came out of, which is here. Honestly, this first target should probably be here. I'm not sure. Oh, we were I see we were looking to get back to here. That's not unreasonable, but I think the first target should be here. And, you know, again, it's a situation where take your profits, pull those orders, walk your stop over here, and then, you know, I think that's a good way to approach the hedge. Um, and if you if you if this pops you out of the trade and you fall back down into this range, you can use this structure again. But you want to make sure that there's a lot of um follow through on the pop and drop first. So like if you get taken out of this guy and you're thinking, okay, that's not going to work. But then you get another, you know, higher high lax follow through and it creates a lot of space for a lower high under this guy again, you can recycle this kind of a concept, this kind of an idea. Look for that same uh play and then try to get back down here. Okay. But as of right now, again, I do recommend because the higher time frame momentum is still very bullish on these sells. You're kind of selling against a lot of higher time momentum. Um higher time frame momentum, you know, take some profits. Um be more protective with the sell side. You know, I think it makes more sense to be protective with the sell side. Um because, you know, again, you're kind of going against the trend um in a lot of time frames. Okay. Um so that is pretty much it. What should we care about next week? Same key levels really. It's just going to be 45558. This local daily demand zone which was supportive of price over here and over here and kind of over here as well I would say and then this structures point of control was supportive here and supportive here as well. So if lower lows next week eyes on this guy 45215 that's just this breakout point over here. Okay, which is what made for the lows of this structure. Moving on to the dollar. to the dollar. You know, we probably don't need to update the dollar, honestly. Like, not that we don't need to keep tabs on it, but it's probably going to be more or less the same for the foreseeable future because again, like you can just recycle this trades and this is a situation that's very similar to here, right? Where you can just, you know, you see there's a lot of balance. You find the two key structures like when you use volume profile analysis, right? There's, you know, you really just want to think about things from the perspective of change, right? So, it's it's kind of pretty straightforward when you're in a very strong trend, right? when you're dealing with like again like why did we use these trade zones of old um they're just you know based off of I'm just going to get rid of this guy. Well, I mean we we might need it. Um okay, why did we set these guys up, right? This is just a back test of demand zone. So like it's very straightforward in in a in a trending environment. The key structure that we care about the key uh structure representative of change is the last area where there was value established, right? So this was value. the market thought okay this this is a good price to do business there's no change here you break out of it that's change to hold a back test of it would be to affirm that change right so with this kind of analysis we care about the key structure of change in a trend that's always going to be the local daily demand or local supply now when something is balancing what are the key references of change right it's the two it's the two structures that are dictating all of the no change right so as long as we're balancing there's no change and so just like in here we set up a bunch of trades um looking for responsive trade uh against this guy against this guy because that's what was containing all of this no change. Um same thing here. It's the same exact concept here, right? The next key structure lower is this guy over here. Sellers need to work through all of that demand in order to make new lows and at the same time buyers are getting caught up over here at this structure which was out acting as demand through all of this and now it's acting as supply, right? So, you know, the dollar is going to be more or less the same for until one of these structures no longer holds price, right? So, I still stand by both of these trade zones. Makes a lot of sense in my opinion. Um, you can just keep recycling them right at this point. Now, this would be the second time that you could use could have used this guy getting close to the target here, negating this daily breakout as long as under 98.265. And again, I think it's fine to recycle this, right? So, um, just stick with it. Just responsive trade is very reasonable if you trade a dollar. Okay, so gold. Um, you know, this is kind of it's not like a major blow up top, but it's certainly notable, right? To have this very high volume reversal candle here. Um, like a bullish engulfing, a bearish engulfing candle. It's at the highs. You know, that sure looks like there's a temporary top being set right now in gold. Now, that being said, even if there's a temporary top being set here, like there's no major damage unless you're back under 4059.350. And like really where a lot of the value was established was way way back in here. Like for example, this was kind of a blow up top, right? Lots of volume reversal kind of a day. Um, and then, you know, all it did was lead to balance over this area of balance. You know what I'm saying? So you this gold could retrace all the way back down here 20% and then just kind of trace sideways and that would still be constructive on a higher time frame, right? Like on if you just zoom out to the weekly, it would just be affirming this breakout over here, right? Just like this selloff was still affirming this breakout just like all of this was still affirming this breakout here. That's the same it's the same idea, you know. So, um, yeah, in the short term, probably some selling or some some retracements, some consolidation of this major move, which would be totally healthy cuz this was a huge move for gold. It was it's a pretty big move. All right, so eyes on 4059.350 next week. And that is really it. If no exceptions under 4059.350 next week, it's it's there's no problem for gold. None. Uh, moving on to MVDA. So for NVDA, just kind of back testing this um area of local daily demand right now. I suppose we can mark it up, right? It is definitely a reasonable place to be looking at this as one area of balance here. And so that's weird. My mouse hot key is not working. That's weird. Um all right, one second here. We'll just have to do it manually like here, please. All right. So what is this not just a hold of this point of control a local daily demand uh PC over here. So this area is being a firmness demand as long as holding over 177.69. I think we set up like an uh uh like a oh what the heck up like an uh uh like a oh what the heck up like an uh uh like a oh what the heck I could have swore we had something set up here. I must have deleted it by accident. Um reasonable you know to be using this structure as like a back testing zone um for like just looking for the demand zone. It's it's I'm going to say it's like it's kind of already come in here. But if you were to just be bottom fishing off the lows of this range, give it a little bit of wiggle room under here and then just be looking to retest these highs. This is more of like an aggressive, you know, momentum style trade zone. I think that's pretty reasonable though. Um that I think that would be fine, but kind of aggressive. We're just at the yearly R1 right now. So the yearly R2 would be the next objective. So you're planning to get like another 30 bucks or so uh after a new high. It's actually pretty um good or um All right. So, like this would be like your kind of first objective here and then your next objective would be kind of up here. I think that would be very reasonable for like a momentum style trader. But again, like I said, I personally would prefer to wait for this um this area to be back tested. Like even if we were to pull away from here, I would prefer to see us like see some really hot and heavy selling. You know, ideally get all the way up here and then retrace like this 40% move or so. um and then get back into this structure. That's where I would be most interested personally. We don't really need this. That was a miss. Um and that would kind of set up a situation like this, right? Where like so what remember this trade zone was set up way back here. Works two times for us. Um it's why it was just off of this structure, you know? So if we were to hold over this guy, it would affirm all this as demand. That I have a lot more confidence in, you know, not chasing it up here and like being a kind of a value approach over here. All right. Bitcoin. This is bad. You know, like this doesn't look good at all. I think we did set up a sell zone, right? Or was that Did I just do that in Ethereum? Oh, I must have just done that in Ethereum. Um, like I said last week, I I I wouldn't recommend recycling it again just based off of like the the the narrative shift. And this is kind of a red flag, I think, for the overall market, too. Like for a lot of the selling that we see we saw recently in the overall market, like a little few hiccups here and there, we weren't too worried about it because um Bitcoin was still holding up really well. So if Bitcoin which is like a higher risk asset um starts to to falter here I think the odds of the overall market staying firm should be diminished right because you know it's a good assessment for like um it's a good metric or whatever for um risk appetite you know like Bitcoin it's not really you know there's not a lot of inherent value to it right so um yeah just be mindful of that um you know this could be like some like some um um like systematic damage, right, from uh the alts, the alts that were like absolutely destroyed or whatever. Um could be that, right? So, we'll we'll see. Uh it's really very much right now still all about this guy. And this is very notable, right, for me to see that this this point of control hold right at this guy. This is the reference structure that was maintaining all of this balance over here. And it's kind of the gateway into this this area from the downside. So, I think that's a notable hold, but at the same time, these buyers just not really making any meaningful change to the upside, right? They have to find acceptance back over 10700 just to negate this breakdown here. Tons of space for a lower high under 116077.51. Now, that being said, of course, it's just balancing in here. So, we could very easily just just continue to trade to the other side if you're not going to see a follow through on these lower lows here. But, that's like the verdict is still out on that. So, again, I I I would be hesitant to to reuse this trade zone again. and it's already worked two two times two three times already. So, I would be hesitant to to recycle this. Um, you know, at this point, like again, like it's not a terrible thing to do in my opinion, but um I would just be wary of it, right? Like if anything, I would prefer to see us take out this low, come over here, don't see acceptance under this guy to kind of create like an expanding range kind of dealio. And then if you were to get a big move back into this value area, then okay, I would look to play off of this, play off of uh this structure again and then try to get back here. So I would be patient with Bitcoin personally. Moving on to Ethereum. So Ethereum, we set up Oh, okay. I remember now. We set up the the sell because like um I thought it was reasonable, but if you are going to pick a sell, then it should be an Ethereum because Ethereum didn't make new highs. So it's showing us this relative weakness. And if Ethereum does roll back over uh under this guy again, I should say, not over, under this guy again, then that would increase the potential that would just continue to balance in that big old range. So, very reasonable. I think you can pull these orders up here and then chop it up, throw your stop over here, and then see if these sellers can kind of follow through over here because, you know, even if you only got this one fill here, plenty of uh uh room here, take some profit, throw a stop over there, and then um see if that'll stick and they can follow through on this lower low. No change to this otherwise. You know, again, we're just kind of watching the same thing, right? This local daily demand zone is super key. And then, of course, we care about this kind of gateway structure here because if acceptance under there, they should try to come back here, right? Like this was consolidation of this breakout. So, if you see acceptance back under this structure, they should try to negate this area next. All right. And then CCJ. So, again, looks like a potential temporary top setting in, but you know, honestly, it doesn't really look that bad right now, right? you're just back testing this area of local daily demand. Again, no change to this, right? Like um with a lot of these trades, you know, I I I I kind of just care about the bigger picture. Like I don't really care to do short duration trades like this because even if you do happen to get a trade that works well here, um the odds of you seeing like a longer term followrough on it are are kind of lower than if you get like a bunch of hot and heavy selling into these major areas that have held before. Like I much prefer like setting up off of this structure is very similar to here, right? which this trade worked but then it turns around and it doesn't work for very long. Whereas setting up value trades over here is more like this guy which has worked for a really long time. So, you know, it's you pick your poison, right? Like I there's pros and cons to both. Like I don't I don't think one is necessarily inherently better than than the other, right? It's just a matter of, you know, what do you care to do, you know? So, if you're a short-term momentum trader, it's fine to be playing off of this structure. But for me personally, I care much more about um what happens back here to see, you know, okay, well, here's this like huge all-time high structure that was in the way for a long time. These buyers finally clear it and now this is the new area of local daily demand. I want to see if this area of local daily demand can be affirmed, you know. So, that's it. Um, all right. So, moving on then to trade review. Think I did all my homework here. Got everything set up. 10:14 was what was the five by what? Oh, NQ. Um, all right. Let's see. So, last last week that was 10:14 here. The daily context for the Q's first of all on the 14th was um here. Okay. Uh, honestly, I don't really remember. So, well, but let's let's take a let's take a look. Um 10:14 and we'll kill our day time frame references here. I don't really recall. Um Oh, okay. I remember this day now. All right. So, I bought the passback over the deep after hold of the key daily structure and um drop and pop at the overnight low. So, we had a drop and pop at the L. Um, let's see. I made the vocal double bottom. Okay, that's this guy. Okay, I remember. Okay, let's see here. So, here's this. Remember, we were watching this guy, right? We talked about this in the updates. Um, this structure over here, this little 3-day balance is what made this low over here, right? And then the the sellers again made the made this uh the Friday low was right at the value area low. So, double bottom right at the value of every low of this key structure. So, on this day, we see a move down to the point of control of it. So, I just I'm talking about that at 9:46 just say, "Hey, listen. It's touch testing the point of control of that um key daily structure." And I thought about the passback over the open, but it was costly. So, that was over here. Um what passback o over? But it's costly right now. Oh. Oh, that was the overnight low. So, I thought about uh this guy, right? Buying this first pass back over the overnight low here. That was super costly. like 80 points of risk and technically the R was okay to get to the open but I just didn't think I just didn't really want to risk that many points on something like that going against um the momentum of this day and the potentially and then the prior day we had missed the daily no change level. So I just thought that was a bit too aggressive um or too costly for that kind of an aggressive play. It's an aggressive play in general. Um so I just waited to see a little bit more context. Um so that was at 947. And I was saying, you know, that that just seemed too much. But then the Deepo play sets up, right? This pass back over it. So I just tried the Deepo pass under, right? And I was just trying to get to where the developing point of control was uh prior, right? Because it's basically just the point of control of this little one minute supply, right? So I'm thinking, all right, this is much cheaper. I can risk like 20 points or so, try to get back to over here, which is at this point in time I I think was where the point of control is of this was. Just give us some time here. Yeah, pretty much right. I just I'll just mark it up, I guess. Right. Oh, actually it's a little bit lower. Technically, I should include that guy, I guess. But either way, um I was just thinking, all right, well, the the the developing point of control flattened here for some time, so I just assumed that that was where um there was some value established in this range. So, that was the target. That was it. Just, you know, straight over. It's also an eight. I just superstitious. I use eights or whatever. So, say I'm looking for a chop under where the deep uh traded sideways. it makes me wait a little bit and then get that um deep exit at 50 or the prior deep exit at 508 and I'm looking for more out of the development value area high that's over here. So I get that exit at 9 uh 52 again it makes me wait certainly look didn't look good for a while there. Um gave it just a little bit of wiggle as I always do for 1.5R and then the last piece I just took off at the open. um I cut out the rest of the open here and that's over you know at this point of the day actually rips for like way way way more and you know I can see that in a couple ways where I can think oh gosh I'm such an idiot you know I left so much on the table blah blah blah blah blah more I can just see it as it was a really good R trade like all of these Rs were good right 1.5 2.6 six 6.7, you know, and that certainly and that this one trade recovered the red week from last week and then some. So, you know, like I could think about this from the perspective of, oh gosh, it could have been super awesome, but you know, this is like winning a free trip and then like complaining about not like getting a like a first class upgrade on on the flight home or something. You know what I mean? Like it's it's it is what it is. Um, plus, you know, I was just kind of looking to shake off the rust a little bit, right? which is not rust but like you know um I mean I've been having a hard time psychologically you know so I did get a better health report so um you know a little bit alleviated I guess but in general that you know just been having a tougher time get dealing with the yips or whatever so I was just happy to book this win which was a honestly pretty pretty big uh day fairly big day so I was fine with that and then I was interested in the higher low play later in the session but I missed it was a really major bummer I missed it I was looking for a 15-inut made a higher low play if they can just keep pressing for another like 30 minutes or so. Um, and it was on the rut and and it was a really good trade. Uh, but I just missed it. So on the 14th on the rut, I just wanted to point out like it's really helpful to look forward because here on the 14th um you know if I was paying attention uh it was a it was a really really great set. It's over here. So this was like the first 15-minute retracement here for for the rut. Well, let me just make sure actually. Hang on. Let me make sure I'm not misremembering here. Yeah, it was here. It was this like little dinky one. Wait, on the 14th. Was there not a retracement here? I thought Oh, yeah. There was this tiny little dinky one right here. Crazy crazy move. Right. So, on this on this, I'll just sync it globally and then it's going to should show up over here. Right. So, once you take out this low here, then the 15-minut here, this 15-minut retracement was underway. And so if you were to set this guy up over here, right, like this, even buying it like over here, right? And you know, you give yourself a little bit of wiggle to try to play to I had this line marked up, I think. Um or even I mean, whatever. Like even if you just were willing to risk four points, that had some crazy crazy follow through and you know, I just missed it here. And this one was I think the one that I noticed. I think I didn't notice this one, but this one was dirt cheap. Like dirt cheap and I just wasn't paying attention for it. Um, that's my bad, you know, like I tend to just kind of switch gears there after the 10 o'clock or so. I go eat and that kind of always um distracts me. I just don't feel as focused anymore. So, it is what it is. Um, and it was really neat because Madam Stamos, one of our futures guys, he crushed this trade. Uh, and I I think what was really cool about this was that he flipped his bias. So, he tried the overnight low short scalp first. Um, let me just uh it's over here. So, he tried to scalp against the overnight low. That was I think the first move 941. So, that's over here. And then he uh let's see, he chopped the new low of the day and then he stopped it out and then he swipped his bias and that I think that was really great. And at 9:52 he tried the deep pass as well. So, that was over here this this later one. So, he's you know he's just copying me, right? Like he saw I did it here. He's like, "Oh god, that's a good idea." So, he does it here. I'm just kidding. And and um that was awesome. And then I I don't actually know where he uh took the took the trade off, but I think he he held it for more than I did. I'm fairly confident. So, that's pretty sweet. And I really I just care primarily about the fact that like he was able to be flexible. That's really great, you know, to be able to when you aren't daytime frame operator, if you can be super flexible and biased flip like that, I think that's like it's that's, you know, a pretty strong umh quality to have, you know, like you should have strong convictions held loosely, you know, and that's a really great example of that. So, kudos to him. That was really cool. Um, all right. So, let's see. On the 16th, is it right? Hang on a second here. On the 16th, I bought the rut pass back over the open stop. Oh, sorry. Over here. Pass back over the open stop under the low of day. So, let's see. We'll switch this out to the Oops. Um the 16th was here. And uh what did we do? All right. All right. So, we'll talk about the daily context first. In a daily context, this is just a let's see look for a Y. Okay, I remember this day now. It's just it was like a nothing burp kind of a day. Uh slightly red day, but you know, whatever. It doesn't matter. I think they were all reasonable trades. So, the rut context on the 16th looked like this. Um look like this guy. So, we were opening up strong like relatively strong in the prior days range. It was a gap and hole. So, not the best kind of a day, but the higher prices were accepted. Right? If you look on the on Wednesday here from a session and session perspective, it was a gap and hold, but value did move higher and they held the prior days point of control. So, I was thinking, all right, if we're going to open up strong here and like keep affirming the breakout over this guy, I'm willing to join these buyers if they can hold over the open. So, um I just bought the passback over the open and I was looking for I tested the yesterday's value area high and it failed. So, I stopped out there and then I tried one more time here at what? Hold on. Fuego stopped it and then passed back. Oh, it was a prior day's close. So, it's moved. Apologies. I didn't mark up the PDC. So, I tried to pass back over the prior days close because it was also kind of this end of the day structure here. And if the end of the day structure continues to be a firm, then again, this breakout is still being affirmed, right? This is the end of the day structure here. So, um I tried that attempt and let's see, thinking if no acceptance back under 534.5, then it's affirming yesterday's end of the day move. and I chopped it up at the low of the one minute supply which is you know that was just the target like this opening range here and then I stopped out the rest and then that was it for the day. Um interested in a lower high and then I missed it later in the session. It was very unfortunate because it was really solid setup. So I'm just calling out because I you know what whatever we don't have to review that but like it was ended up being a really good setup that that I just uh again wasn't paying attention for. But I I again I like you know these features guys they're they're there day in and day out you know so if you want to trade with a community of folks it's not just me in there you know it's a a bunch of folks are in there sharing their ideas and whatnot and you know ups and downs or whatever um Stormmy he took a break from from the community for a while came back announced his return and then just hit this really great sell um observing the uh cues here. So on this day he was looking at it like this and I really like this logic and the reason why I wanted to bring it up is because uh the concept is really sound right. So essentially he shorted uh against this this high which was I'm sorry no against this level here which was the high ah let me do that which was the high of the Tuesday session here and so he sold it for this lower high over here. I think that makes a lot of sense because every session is trying to affirm or negate prior sessions. So this session was indecisive, right? Couldn't really affirm it convincingly as demand. Couldn't couldn't affirm this day really convincingly as demand or supply. And then this day again was trying to affirm this day and this day as as demand. And they failed to do that. So what's going to happen if you fall back down under this guy after they couldn't affirm this session as demand here, here, and here, and here? What are they going to do? The sellers, they should try to affirm it as supply by defending that high. So I think that was such a sick um sell. And then I think he used it again on the these two days. Obviously didn't work. It it stopped working towards the end of the session, but that's a banger trade. And this one's pretty solid, too. You probably got a chop and stop here. So, um, kudos to Storm. Welcome back. Nice to see you around uh in your kimono. He wears kimonos. Not it's not a joke. That's again, if you want to hang out with a bunch of weirdos, check out the chart guys links in the description below. We are weird, but we get the job done. Um, okay. So, anyway, moving on. Finally, the trade, uh, last trade of the week, Rut was on the 17th here. Um, and that was just this very straightforward. This was something I called out during our live streams. Again, if you're interested in that, links links in the description for the community below. Um, but on Friday live stream, I I didn't get anything done. I wanted to see, you know, how this uh this session was going to shake out first. And what I said was, okay, well, there's relative oops, there's relative weakness in the rut, right? If you looked at everybody on Friday, right, there was a lot of relative weakness in in the rut. So, I was interested in a lower high, but what I wanted to see first was I wanted to see the cash market sellers be affirmed, meaning I wanted to see the open get lost. So, during all of this chop here, it was not looking good for these for these buyers, right? Because it was like this, right? This open over here was all under the prior days point of control. So, you know, you could have been aggressive here for sure, but I would have preferred like more momentum, right? I wanted to see that we could hold under the open because holding under the open should have these sellers trying to get here and trying to get here. So, I wanted to see some just more alignment of these of these sellers, right? So, I said in this live stream, okay, I'm going to look for a uh 15-minute lower high play or a lower high play in general off of the deep if we can crack under the open. And I honestly almost passed on this because I did not love this. I didn't love that this bounce like after we made a new low and left cracked under the open. I was interested in that lower high play, but I did not love coming back over the low of this opening range, right? Like a strong strong sellers would not have allowed that. And you can see in the end of the day, you know, they that the sellers, they end up playing defense throughout the entirety of the day. So, I took this cell here and this one, you know, made me sweat for a long time, right? I hit this cell here at 12:21, sold the RTOI, passed back on Deepo, looking for a DV valve test. I don't really love the notable bounce back over the low of the opening range. That's what we just talked about, right? And I have to wait 20 minutes before getting this first exit here. And it really looked like it was going to take me out a lot. So, you know, again, you just never know what's going to happen, right? We don't get to know what's going to happen. We only get to know, okay, well, what is our bias based off of what happened at prior references and how much risk are we willing to put on? That's all we get to know. And then, you know, let Jesus take the wheel for the rest, you know. Um, so anyway, that's the concept. That was it. You know, the first exit was the devout, and the next exit I took was here, right? Why? Because I figure if these buyers are going to play defense, I'm I'm looking to get here. I'm I'm thinking they should try to get here. But if they're not going to get down there because they can't make a new low of the day, where are they probably going to have problems? They're probably going to have problems at the low of this demand zone over here. So, I'm thinking this is the gateway structure into this demand zone. And so, I'm thinking, okay, we'll take another exit here, and then the last piece will look to get to that daily point of control over here, right? Because again, if they're going to have problems, should be here. And lo and behold, they absolutely do have problems uh here, right? You you keep making new lows here and you can't see fall through. And so just chopped up the last piece at 451. Yeah, 451.9. And then I explained that and then the last piece I was just out at the end of the day for like just some tacos or whatever. It was like we're like in here somewhere and I'm thinking, okay, well this is sellers are not getting anywhere. And so I just exited like over here for like whatever few points if that. Um and that was a week. So you know uh that's good. You know, I I was kind of sweating it a little bit like heading into this week because my last week, two weeks prior I should say, was a fairly sizable red week, which normally I don't really have like sizable try to keep them small. So, like I don't normally have sizable um red weeks, but I had like four stopouts like in a row uh LA two weeks prior. So, like it added up really quickly. Um which was, you know, a bit unsettling. So, bit conservative coming in. I I wouldn't say I'm over the yips at this point to be completely honest with you, but um you know, it's good to get back in the win column or whatever. So anyway, that's pretty much it. That's enough rambling from me. Appreciate y'all tuning in. If you made it this far in the video and found that helpful at all in any way, we would very much appreciate like and subscribe. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing um and lets us know to keep making content like this. If you're interested in um getting Trade Zone sent to your inbox uh every single week, update from me, update from Dan, updates on any trades that we take. Um, check out the spring report links in description below. That's just trade zones just like all of this. Um, we've had some really great trades recently. Um, obviously they're not always great, but you know, the ones that we do live as a really high hit rate. So, if you're interested in that, check out the string report. Um, otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thanks for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your session and hope to see youall next time. Very well.