============================================================
Video: 9yOmHyo1CO4
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: How to Capture a Trend Day!
Date: 2025-12-28
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7392
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:04:54.490129
============================================================

Buyers took advantage of the low volume holiday week to float higher. So, is Santa coming to town or will the Grinch pull the rug out? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our futures room in the spring report. In this video, we will cover what the buyers need to get done next week to keep uh I guess bringing Santa to town and how much selling would be too much. So, let us get into it. Okay. So, uh as I was saying in the intro, very often when you have a low volume environment, particularly when the overall trends are higher, uh very often the market will just kind of float higher because in order for the market to move lower, you you need you need aggressive selling. Dan talks about this all the time that you know sellers need a lot of volume and buyers uh can just kind of float higher. again because if there's not a lot of short selling happening uh you know most folks who are entering the market are not really thinking okay it's time for me to take profit. Most folks entering the market or at least a significant amount of money entering the market is just this passive buying from retirement accounts mom and pop whatever. Um so you know just something to be mindful of. It's something that we talked about in our group for the entirety of the week. This potential that we we could just float higher. And so in order for that to be the case, what do we need to do? We just, you know, as always, assess those key levels. So if you recall last week, what we were talking about was the key levels that we were looking at for this week should have been 68336. We've been watching this level forever now or feels like forever. Um, ever since we broke down from this supply, rejected from over here. Multiple tops rejecting from 68336. You battle it out for throughout all of this price action. And so starting off the week, that's that week is not real. should look like this. The week started off with a gap up open over that point of control. So that that was kind of a gift from the buyers, right? The buyers were letting the market know right off the jump, all right, so we're going to test this key level right away. And the gap is also a bit of a gift because what should happen after a gap up, right? If we're going to gap up, the first objective for the sellers is to negate that gap up. And so we have two reference points to assess how strong the selling is or was. It was that point of control and the gap filled. If you can't get down to fill the gap, of course, then the day plus buyers are in control. The selling is not strong for that session. If you can't get back under this point of control, then you don't affirm this structure as supply. You affirm it as demand, which again would suggest weak selling. So the drop and pop at the point of control incomplete gap fill let us know that these buyers were strong or probably better to say that this selling was weak because I don't know that you would consider this day strong buying because you know it wasn't very impulsive and it's very low volume right now. Um so that's pretty much it. We'll we'll continue to monitor 68336 going forward as our key level and we'll we also want to be mindful of uh the value area high 68657. So now value is moving higher relative to the prior all-time high structure as long as these buyers can hold over 68657. Friday's trade was quite notable. They did not touch down to the breakout point 68925. They missed it by just two ticks here. A very notable failure, but it's also not that much information. It's good information to carry forward in the sense that if these sellers continue to fail touching down to 68,925, that's pretty much the best case scenario because again, what's the goal? The goal for the sellers is always to try to negate whatever the buyers just got done. It's like two opposing forces, right? What are they always trying to get done? It's like Russia and Ukraine, right? What are they always trying to get done? They're always trying to take land from each other or hold land that they've taken, right? That's just how it goes. And so, this is essentially a bit of an advance here. And the sellers now are trying to take back that land. And they did a pretty poor job of it by not even be able to uh not even being able to get back to where they broke out of, the buyers broke out of. All right. So, we'll watch these levels going forward next week. And that's pretty much it. Tons of space for a daily higher low over a 671.20. Anything over that going to be good for that daily higher low. Um did we have trade zones? I don't think so. Oh, we did. Okay. Yes. So, we did have this. Okay. So, it actually did did dip into this trade zone that we set up way back when a few weeks ago now. And it's already surpassed our target. So, if you did use this trade zone, I know it only came into it by a bit, but if you did, definitely take those profits now and walk your stop up. For now, it can be here like under this low. And then ideally going forward what we'll see is something like this and then break out to affirm this balance as demand and then we can walk our stop up for any initiations from this trade zone. And going forward uh we probably can be a little bit more aggressive here with something along these lines for like a new trade zone. All right. And this is just based off of the idea that okay, well, if we retrace, but we can't get back within this guy, which is essentially what this trade zone was about as well, a lack of acceptance into this area of demand. If you can't negate this breakout, this breakout, and this defense, then well, there's no meaningful change. And then what we should anticipate is that these buyers should try to get back up to or to get up to uh I'm thinking 69375. It's the Well, actually, no, we can't use this as a reference anymore. We should be looking at like the monthly R1. I know the month is almost over, but that should be where these buyers are trying to get to if they can continue to hold over uh this structure. So, affirming this breakout, affirming this breakout, affirming this breakout, affirming this defense here. All right. Uh moving on to the Q's here. So, for the Q's, um All right. So, what should we care about next week? We should care about 621. 621 is just the low of this local daily supply here. these buyers are negating this breakdown as long as holding over 621. You know, it does look like a pretty clean EQ here. So, if we do lower high here and reject from this supply, then we're just going to get right back to eyeing this guy, the value, the breakout point, I should say, first 61318. That's this breakout point over here, affirming this breakout, affirming this breakout, affirming this breakout as long as holding over 61318. That's pretty much the best case scenario going forward. But actually, I should say the best case scenario is to hold over 621, right? They want to keep negating this breakdown. And the buyers want to keep negating this breakdown. If we see higher highs next week, this is obviously a key test. 6288 or rather 62793. Hang on a second here. Oh, right. Because uh okay, 6 uh 2793 the value area low of this daily supply here. Clearly where these buyers are having problems. So if these buyers can now press beyond this level, that's going to be a very notable change. Again, we very notable failure for these buyers to stall here. And if we see higher highs is on 631.88. This is really the big level, right? 631.88 is what these buyers need to overcome in order to affirm the all-time high structure as demand and then be positioned well for new highs. As long as we're rejecting from this all-time high supply, these buyers are playing solid defense. You got to call it exactly for what it is. Even though the ES, the spy has made new highs. If the ENQ can join and reject from the uh this overhead supply, that'll be problematic. Although, you know, XLV XLF are looking okay. So, if the ENQ does reject from that all-time high supply, but XLV and XLF can continue to remain strong. uh the ES probably can grind a little bit higher here and then by the time that the XLV and the XLF does begin to retrace, if the Q's can pick up some relative strength when they're weak, um then the ES is probably just going to keep grinding higher. All right, so that's pretty much it. Trade zones. I think we have a trade zone in here. Oh, wow. That ended up not taking us out, huh? 529 uh 62953. Huh. Okay, so that ended up not taking us out, but hopefully you've taken your profits on the way down because now it's flirting with, you know, stopping us out on this second go here. Um, I don't think we had an aggressive zone setup here. It was just here. But now going forward, I think pretty reasonable to be looking for a retracement play. Something along these lines. Looking for the potential of another test here. Even a potential lower low here, lacking follow through. And then just using this point of control as our kind of last line in the sand here. Looking for a retracement play to at least come up to here. or something along these lines. I think very reasonable for uh QQQ. I guess I should make that into a new grouping. Okay, moving on to the rut. So, for the rut, space for a daily higher low. I'm I'm I'm watching this as the key reference structure right now. That's I know there's a lot of yellow lines to be mindful of right now just cuz the rut has been very choppy back here. But, uh I care about 25010. Why? Because 25010 is the low of this consolidation over here. And so I'm thinking, you know, these sellers, what should they be trying to do? They should be trying to negate this guy as demand, right? So they have to hold on to this structure right now. And so if they can't move down to test the lows of it at 25010, that would be a pretty notable failure. So far, the sellers are just not really having an easy go at this, even though they have moved lower. Um, still, it's just not really an easy go. So there's space for a daily higher low over 24670. And, um, we shall see. I don't think we did any trade zones here. was looking for where there was more volume traded down here. I think it's best to be to stick with that and just be more conservative when it comes to the rut. Honestly, you know, I I I don't I'm not as keen as being a buyer in the rut. I mean, I already have a position that I built, I forget. And throughout all this, no, throughout all of this price action here, I already have this position, but in general, it's just not trending so well. Even though it should benefit the most from the rate cut environment. Uh it's probably because you know some of that optimism for small cap strength in a rate cut environment is probably being tempered by the potential of like uh you know jobs essentially like the economy the economic data we're getting is not terribly clear. So I think that that's likely inhibiting it but in general it's been easier to be a buyer in the ES and the ENQ. So that is it. I don't really I think best to be conservative with the zones here. Moving on to the Dow. So for the Dow uh all right let's see came into our zone got to our target here at this point your stop for this trade zone can be under 47536 right because this breakout is being affirmed yesterday last week I should say they defended the point of control and then to uh rather two weeks ago they defended the point of control and then last week you know was pretty much just affirmation of this breakout back over 48193. So as long as you're holding over 48193 this is essentially daily no change level. This is the most recent daily breakout being affirmed again as long as holding over that level and going forward line in the sand 47975. As long as this fell is being affirmed as demand, these buyers are doing just fine. It's pretty much a best case scenario to hold uh second best case scenario. Best case scenario, hold the high 48193. Next best case scenario is to just hold the point of control 47975. So this drop and pop here without you know much acceptance below is a good look. Did we not do a more aggressive zone? Now we have actually a more very conservative zone for the potential of like a bigger picture balance. Um, all right. So that's pretty much it for the Dow. Moving on to the dollar. Again, dollar, you know, I don't I don't anticipate there. I know there's like a lot of talks of dollar flight, but I don't anticipate there being a lot of volatility in at least there's no indication of that right now. We spent the last few months, two quarters already just balancing within this range. Um, so I would just stick with it, right? These both of these trade zones I think are still very reasonable trade zones. They've already worked a couple times or they both each worked once. This second time is, you know, currently working right now. And at this point, this daily no change level again, there's no change. 987 98.720 is that key level. These sellers are continuing to affirm this breakdown. As long as under it, I just, you know, stick with it. Whatever whatever initiation is you did in here, I would not move it down yet. I would still keep them above this guy. And then with a more convincing break lower, then I think you can walk it down to over this high here at 98.420. Very notable at the end of the day or rather the uh Friday trade, the high of the day was right at 97.805, trying to affirm the breakdown under this low. So the sellers should be trying to rotate back down to this guy, right? These are definitely the two key structures that we should care about. So just stick with it for the dollar. Gold. gold at this point. This is enough follow-through that you would anticipate there to be some kind of defense here like for a potential daily higher low. Um maybe even a weekly. We'll see. But I think we can, you know, use this as a trade zone now for any retracement. Daily no change level 4374.655. So something along these lines. I think honestly maybe just give yourself a little bit more wiggle room here because if you do happen to get like a turnaround flush kind of a situation, um then you know I think uh it's more likely that you kind of test these two high volume areas. So maybe even giving it a little bit of wiggle room under. And let me see what we're looking at in terms of um All right. So I guess we play to the yearly R5. Holy crap. Uh what a move. Something along these lines. I think very reasonable for gold retracement play. Solid R on that as well. Lots of space for a daily higher low. Anything over 4271.575 will be good for one. But really, I think, you know, we should care about this guy. This is the key structure that we should care about. Uh as long as holding over 4327.898. This guy's being affirmed as man. This guy being affirmed as demand keeps these buyers positioned quite well for new highs. NVDA. So came into our more aggressive trade zone. Bottom fishing off the lows of the range. And I think looks like it got to our target. But I still wouldn't walk any stops. I would definitely pull these. Honestly, you don't even really have to pull these lower orders because if you were to turn over now, you'd probably get extended again on the shorter term. So, like I think actually recycling this trade zone is is fine. But I do think it's reasonable to be taking some profits and um honestly it depends on how you want to manage this, right? If you're going to keep if you're going to keep these uh bids lower, then I guess don't take any profits, right? And see if you'll get get to full size here. Have them see if they can hold these lows and then if they can, then take your profits over here. But if you want to be a bit more like conservative with your exits, I would pull these lower uh orders, walk your stop up to under this low and then see if they can just break out from here. And if not, um then just reset, right? If they turn around or whatever, then just reset. yeah, that's pretty much it here. So, uh, that's it. Moving on then to Bitcoin. Bitcoin, not really much happening here. So, this is a wait and see for me. If you move lower in Bitcoin, then I think recycling this trade zone for a buy makes a lot of sense. I think if you see some buying strength, selling against this structure makes a lot of sense, but there's no real reason to be looking at so far ahead to be selling against this guy yet. So, for me, this is just a wait and see. This I'm very confident in. If we were to break lower, particularly if we were to get things extended up into like the 4 hour or even the daily maybe, then using this trade zone again, I think makes a lot of sense. But to like look for a sell, I I would be patient here and wait to see, all right, well, can we get extension into this guy first? I think selling right off of here after all this compression is a bit too aggressive. There's not that much value established here that I would be super confident in that personally. Um, but perhaps I'm just being a complacent buyer because certainly fundamentally I do have some concerns with Bitcoin just because there's not really a narrative on it right now. And like when you you know historically when it's kind of run out of a narrative because you know you can disagree or disagree with me. I don't I don't really care. But my thinking is and I think it's pretty much an objective truth really is that there's no real utility for Bitcoin, right? Like no nobody is really using it as a currency. That was the narrative for a long time, you know, as terms of a store of value. How good of it is a store of value? Like if the grid goes down, nobody's trading their Bitcoin. So, um, you know, and like there's a reason right now, I think, why gold and silver are popping off, not just because they're used in a lot of, you know, as materials for for a lot of tech buildout, but, you know, I think folks are looking for a place to store value as well. Um, Bitcoin is not really getting caught up in that narrative right now. So um you know I think uh typically when you have the the when you when you dry out right when there's no narrative the first big narrative after bitcoin the first narrative was global digital currency right that was the first big one and then the next one was altcoins right ethereum litecoin whatever then we had ICOs right it's a new way to get you know public offerings kind of without without having to do with all the regulation um then it was what NFTts right and last time around it was like the FGX nonsense, right, with like, oh, okay, it's going mainstream. This is like a great whatever. Either way, there were narratives associated with each major run. And now we don't really have that. And typically, when a narrative dries up in the crypto space, that's kind of when the winters occur. So, I'm kind of looking out for that potential for sure, but I don't really see any major indication of that yet. So, a little bit apprehensive to set up a sell zone right now. If I had to decide, if I had to pick right now a gun to my if I had to pick right now a gun to my if I had to pick right now a gun to my head, it' be this, right? A pretty big zone, something like this. And I wouldn't do it in the Bitcoin, right? I would probably pick Ethereum because Ethereum is still showing you a lot of relative weakness. And on that note, we go to Ethereum. Um, all right. So, for Ethereum here, I still think this is a pretty reasonable trade zone. Like, this trade zone is basically designed just off of this guy, right? This guy has proven to be problematic for these buyers so many times here, here, and here. And even on the way down, it kind of lower high off of this guy as well. Technically, they had problems over here as well, right? So, I'm thinking, you know, selling off that structure again now that there's been some coiling, some consolidation here, maybe you want to be a bit more like, you know, like use a bit of a larger range just in case this you get like a decent pop out of this consolidation. Um, and then if you're still managing your position from this uh situation here, I think I think we walked our stop down to here last. I think you can walk it down to here now. Honestly, either or I guess if it's not really that much of a difference here. So, I I don't think either of them is really a poor choice. Um, there's just not really a lot of demand. I mean, a lot of supply yet, clear supply yet here. I wouldn't fault you if you wanted to like just walk it down to even here. Although, I would wait for a breakdown of this first because we did already get to our target and these buyers are playing defense here. So, if they're going to defend this guy, then they should try to come back to here, right? Just like this hold here, where do they go here? Just like when they held here, where do they go here? when when you consolidate here, where do they go here? So, I wouldn't be surprised if we do break out of this card that they try to get back to here. All right, CCJ, uh, no change, right? Really, again, again, for me personally, I'm still waiting for the bigger picture. I I don't see why we we wouldn't. I mean, certainly, we don't have to do anything, but I'm still waiting for a back test of this guy, back test of this guy, bigger picture. Essentially, look for like a monthly play. Um, but we also gave you this aggressive zone, and I I stand by that. I think this is still a very reasonable place. the market has already told us, hey, listen, we're defending this area. We care about it here. We care about it here. We care about it here. So, something along these lines, I think very reasonable for KUJ CCJ. Um, all right. So, that's it. We're moving on then to trade review. So, for trade review here, uh, pretty active week. Not bad. Just want to try to take advantage of like the low volume. Um, like I said, very often, you know, low volume days, overall market b is bullish. very often you get a float up kind of a situation. So for the rut I don't I don't actually remember this one. Uh gaps are okay I remember now. So they everybody was gapping up but they were all pressed up pretty close to their overnight highs. So on that was this day Monday's trade. Oops. Oops. That was this day. Right. So the ES was gapping up. ES gapping up. ENQ. Uh, oops. ENQ was also gapping up. Yep. Gapped up and filled the gap. And the RUT was also gapping up. So, everybody was gapping up. So, I was looking to play the pass back over the open to try to get to the overnight high. Um, but the rut was the only one that had any range. The ES and the ENQ. The open was like really close to the overnight high. And that's where I like to have my first target when I do the early buy on the open. So, I passed on those. And that's what I'm talking about here. gaps are large. Uh, but low volume periods typically favor buyers. So, I'm like already talking about this idea that I'm kind of looking for there to be like a low volume flow higher during the week, but I still need the setup, right? Just cuz you have the, you know, context gives you the directional bias. You still have to be picky about your location, right? You still have to wait for your um setup, right? So, the setup for the ES and the ENQ weren't any good. Uh, you know, again, regarding how much distance from the open to the overnight high. Now, for the rut, it was okay. So for the right it was like this uh was the 22nd kind of this. Okay. So the rut was the only one with any bit of space to the overnight high. So I waited until after this candle printed. I saw the incomplete gap fill. It dropped the limit order to look to uh fill me on the open. Um got the fill on the open. Looked to chop it up at the overnight high and then Yep. chop it up at the overnight high and then I was looking for more out at 2 2572.5 which was just a point of control from the 1212 session. So if you zoom out here I'll just uh the 1212 session was here uh here. So I just marked this drop this over here and I thought okay um if we're if these buyers are going to run into problems on the way up probably here and they didn't run into problems at least not for long. I don't recall actually how much time they spent there. Oh, actually you do you do pretty much initially reject right from 2572.5. So that was feeling like a pretty good exit but the sellers could not get back to the open held the overnight high and then saw higher highs. So I thought okay the next objective that I think they should try to get to would be uh 83.1 which was just the point of control of this guy because again the market is always trying to affirm or negate what's already happened. So if you're here you buy this open target chop it up at the overnight high chop it up at this point of control. It's like not really marked so well, but this point of control. All right, great. So, if they're going to try to move over this PC, then they're going to try to negate the prior sessions that were supply, right? And on the way up, where's the biggest level? You can see how much volume was traded here. I figure, okay, they'll probably try to get it back to there. And they do get there, they stall, triple top here, oscillate around it for a lot of the session, and then they higher high again. And, you know, whatever. It's like it did move on beyond my target. But, you can see this is pretty much where they started having problems. They ran into problems. Actually, let me see where they did they they made it pretty much all the way to the value area high of this session, right? So, they get caught up here for like 45 minutes and then eventually turn around. So, I was very happy with that. Right. This is like an, you know, like it's good to have targeting, you know, like when especially when if you don't expect it to be like a big breakout, which I don't think you could for the rut because the rut on this day, I mean, it could always happen, right? But the for the rut on this day, the odds of us setting a lower high against the all-time high were pretty good. So, I was happy with that. Um, so let's see. Outmos under 72.5 walk stop for the runner blah blah blah and then I was out the rest of the buy at 1210 point of control and I I was said happy to exit the rest of 1210 PC though I do think potential for low volume flow higher is there so like kind of tempering my expectations right like yes I think that potential for low volume flow higher is there but I also don't want to be like terribly greedy or whatever it's already a very solid day just getting these three exits okay so that's pretty much it and And the next day, not so good or not as good at least. Um, I kind of psyched myself out this day probably because I I I speculate, you know, obviously we never really know perfectly, but I speculate it was because um I just made an error initially and then I think I just kind of psyched myself out. So the next day I sold the RTY passed back under the open because the context was this. Um, it was here, right? So we're pretty much set to open the next day. That's here. It's a very weak open. So, I'm thinking, all right, the there's the potential that that daily lower high that I was worried about the the other day is going to be set. And, you know, ultimately, it was set, but I didn't really capture it because I was just too much of a pansy. Um, but I'll walk you through it. And it was this was the initial sell. And I bailed on this because uh first of all, they they got stalled at the regular trading hours low. Originally, my stop was something like this, like something like that. Like for 1.5R, I played at the overnight low. Um because the regular trading hours was just too close. So, you know, I didn't think I could get the exit. So, anyway, either way, I bailed on it because the ES and the ENQ were super strong. So, I sold it and then uh let's see, bailed on it at the same minute. I didn't even wait until this uh you know, didn't didn't wait. Just bailed on it because it just didn't feel right. Regular trading hours, low health held. If these sellers were going to be strong right off the jump with a open outside of value and right at yesterday's regular trading hours low, they should have punched it right away and at least gotten to the overnight low because if they can't get to the overnight low, then the selling is not strong. So, I bailed on it. Um, and then I sold it again. I gave this level out 2568.5 in the um rundown, the morning rundown. 2568.5 was just um shoot, why did I why was I watching that? 2568.5 was here. Why do I care about that? The sold pass by 2568 looking for I don't really remember exactly now. Hang on. Let me see here. Oh, okay. So, I'm just selling against this session's low. I had a reason for it too. F. Hang on. Let me sync globally here. Yeah, that's just this low. That's just this session's low. So I was thinking all right like again this was the day that I was playing off of from the day before right so when I was the buyer here chop it here chop it here they could not overcome this session so I'm thinking these sellers are now trying to affirm this section as supply again and so I was just thinking all right I sold it back under the low of this guy and that one worked out okay uh at least initially uh so I sold this move chopped it up at the open and then I just ended up psyching myself out because they just weren't pressing the issue well and they missed getting down to developing value area low here and they held the open. So I just psyched myself out and that was it. The day got away without me blah blah blah chopped the open looking for more above overnight low. The regular trading hours low is key test blah blah blah. So I was thinking okay low volume day maybe they're going to flow higher. All the major sectors were above value area high. All these things just kind of had me be enough to be like okay I'm just going to pale on this. So this was a nothing burger kind of a day. Although I think it was like a taco win but still nothing to write home about. And then moving on to the 24th. So the 24th this day is uh was great. I just captured the pretty much the entirety of the uh trend day and um this is honestly for me personally as someone who is you know is like facilitating the futures room is pretty much the ideal situation for me because not only did we did I call out the trade um but I also gave the key levels beforehand, right? So every single morning in the futures room I'm going to do a a rundown, right? I'm going to set out the lay out the context of the day of the way that I see the best of my ability and then also share these key levels, right? Something I do every morning for my pre-market prep, share with the futures room. So on this morning, I sold the um I mean I bought the I talked about this, right? That the open here on this day was right here. Uh wait, was that the right day? Hang on a sec here. That was this day. Uh, okay. I was talking about this level, right? This level right here. And I have I put a tweet out about it as well, but that has a the the uh transcript timestamped or whatever if you're if you really care to check my work. But that's this guy, right? So, this end of the day, you hear me talk about this a lot, especially if this isn't your first time here. Uh, I talk about the end of the day, right? What happened at the end of the day, the buyers or sellers are picking up where they left off as long as they can keep affirming whatever structure they established at the end of the day, the prior day. So in the prior day, this was the last breakout. This was the last breakout heading into the close. That's a breakout over 6959. And so uh we opened right there on 6959. And so you know, again, the market's giving you good information just like we were talking about on the opening of the week here. Uh opening up above the point of control as a gap gave us really good information, not just regarding the gap fill, but also what happens at this point of control. It's the same idea for the ES on this day. Right? on the ES on this day because we're opening up right at this breakout point. We're either going to drill under it and negate that breakout or we're not going to see acceptance below and move above and then that's going to increase the potential that these buyers are just picking up where they left off yesterday. Right? It's very straightforward. So, it's just thinking about the market from the perspective of change. So, I gave that level in the pre-market and bought the pass back over the open. That was on the second candle, I believe. Um, what we got here? That was on the second candle cuz we came back and back tested it. So I see this. We hold that 6959 level. Moved back over. I didn't do anything on this candle. It was on this candle where I bought this open back test. Stop is under here. Chopped it up at 6962.25 which is just the end of the day high over here. I'm thinking if these buyers are going to run into any problems, it should be there first. They do run into problems here initially at least. But because you hold over the overnight high, can't get back to the open. Selling was not strong. took off more of the regular trading hours high and then wait yeah the regular trading hours high and then the last one I just trailed the stop for most of the day had some stop to prepare so I had to be out of the office I was just in and out and then um for and it was a half day and then I rode this pretty much for the entire session I closed it out at the end of the day 12:58 before the half day ended and that was right here on this Deepo back test so that just that you know one trade alone 25 points is a monster day so it's pretty much the best case scenario for for me again, calling the level out, calling the trade out, and then exiting like writing out the entire trend day is like pretty much the ideal scenario for for me at least. That's how I like to get things done. Um, so that was it. And then on the 26th, uh, I include I I don't have any um, uh, like posts about it because I did this all while I was live streaming for our community on Friday. Um, but I have everything is still marked up. So, it's just uh, it was just this. I was looking for the same exact situation really. Hang on a second here. I was looking for the same exact thing to try to capture another trend day because the Oh, what the heck? Oh, right. I do need these because the uh context was this, right? We had a gap up again or Yeah, we had a gap up. So, I was thinking, all right, there's the potential these bars are just going to keep trying to float higher, right? And they didn't get that done, but at the same time, the selling wasn't strong. So, I I I stand I stand by that. like the I include this be you know because I want to include everything but also it's good to show you how like how it when it works out perfectly like in the ES the day before that's awesome but often times it's not going to work right and so you know what does that look like as well I want to showcase that in these videos as well and so I did the initial um play from the open to the overnight high trying to position for the potential that these guys are just going to hold yesterday's point of control and then rally higher so I bought this um pass back over the open and then chopped it up at the overnight high and then I stopped out the rest. And I called this this out as well. And this this I think is again very valuable. Why do we care about this 25840.75 level here? Sync it globally again. It's because of this, right? Not only was it the overnight low, but it's also this breakout point. So if these sellers are going to really press the issue here, they want to try to negate this breakout. So the fact that the buyers couldn't advance well on Friday, it was notable, but at the same time, the sellers didn't really do that either, right? this breakout at the end of the day continues to be affirmed as long as it's holding over here. So, I call this location out, but I didn't set up a trade here. I was like busy streaming. I got distracted and whatever. So, um but it worked out fine. You hold this area and it's a confluence area because it's not just that breakout point, but it's also the overnight low, which again, if you if the sellers can't get under the overnight low, then they are not strong. And so, if these sellers can't get under the ONL, where are they going to try to get back to? They're going to try to get back to the daytime frame references above, which is the regular trading hours high, and the open. They do get that, but they can't hold above. and so you just balance throughout the rest of the day. Um, so that was it. Um, yeah, that was it. So, pretty solid week and not just from a trading perspective, but also just from like a like a process perspective, right? An expectation perspective, seeing um, you know, how you can do everything right, right, and still not not benefit from it because that's just not what happens, right? We're playing with probabilities here. We never know what's going to happen. Um, so that's pretty much it. Uh, so if you made it this far and you wouldn't mind hitting us with a like and subscribe, that would be much appreciated. Helps us out a lot. Cost you nothing. If you are interested in joining a group of futures traders, you know, we trade the indices every single day. Um, get these updates to you. Check out the community links in description below. And if you are interested in uh, trade zones sent to your inbox every single week. two novel ideas, update from me, update from Dan, updates on any actions that we take regarding those ideas, then check out this ring report. Links also in the description below. Otherwise, appreciate y'all tuning in. Thank you for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your session. Uh rather, hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend. And I hope to see you all next time. Farewell.