============================================================
Video: 8xlHCRxpKR0
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Developing A Market Game Plan
Date: 2025-04-26
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 5633
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:13:40.315093
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We had the bulls win the week with a strong close on Friday. We're starting to wade through earnings season with some more major names to come. Tesla huge strength. We've got cannabis stocks, crypto stock showing some strength. I've got a warning for the boomers. Let's get to the chart. So, significant bounce and a strong close and that is catching a good number of fundamental people off sides and we have to remind ourselves the market is not the economy. uh because not a whole lot has changed since the tariff dump since all that news yet here we are recovering all of it. So, we have to remind ourselves that another thing that I'm going to continue watching, which I've been talking about the last couple of weeks, the most important information that I'm going to get into the middle of this year is do we confirm monthly downtrends as a result of this bounce? And one of the reasons that the weakest part of my game as a trader, you know, strongest part day trading oversold bounces. Uh, second strongest part is now swing trading long, getting better at day trading short. Swing trading short is my weakest aspect of my trading. And that is because a lot of the times in weakness, you get big strong bounces that stop me out of swing positions and then roll over to lower lows. And you got plenty of examples in, you know, 2022 where we had these big double digit, that's an 18% bounce that dropped to lower lows. Then we had a 24% bounce that dropped to lower lows. So, at this point, the NASDAQ has bounced 18%. Can we roll over to lower lows? Absolutely. It's on the table. I don't have high conviction on either direction right now. I am a an open book where I will accept that it's possible that this is a threemonth bull flag that heads to all-time highs. And I will accept that it is possible that we confirm a monthly downtrend, break fear lows, and then we're in more of a scenario like a prolonged downtrend like 2022. I don't have conviction. I have to be reactive to new information that I get. And I'll give you an example this past week of how that was the same thing on a shorter term time frame. I got the information and I shifted my probabilities. One more thing before we dive into the charts on the shorter term time frames. If you are interested in a source of information with regards to the fundamental impact of tariffs on shipping on small businesses, I highly suggest following former chart guys member Craig Fuller. He left us to start this venture freight waves. Uh he grew up with shipping in his blood. He is pro business. He recently, you know, he's pro tariffs even, but recently said, "Okay, this is not what I was looking for. This is not what I voted for." Uh, I respect people that admit mistakes and do not attach themselves emotionally to their bias. And so in terms of a real time source of information, freight alley on Twitter, I can't suggest it enough. Uh, with with Freight Waves and how they are aggregating shipping data, it's it's the most informative, well-informed source of information with the potential impacts that it could have on the economy. I highly suggest checking it out. That's my source. Uh, and you know, my go-to source for anything entrepreneurship and you know, shipping, I look to Craig. So, check that out. Warning to the boomers. So, if this last drop made you uncomfortable two weeks ago, if you were sweating, if you were fearful, this relief bounce is your second chance to lighten up. Could we Vshape back to all-time highs? As I mentioned, yes, that's a possibility. But if you would rather protect what you have and miss some upside versus heading back to where we were and trying to eliminate that possibility, this is where you're sizing down. And the best example that I can give of a second chance opportunity is back in MSOS. And it was, this just came into my mind here, so bear with me. This right here, huge green candle. This was the biggest trading day gains that I had in a long period of time. I gave a lot of it back and then this was my second chance and I sold a bunch there. Why? Because I knew that a lower high was the most likely scenario because in significant volatility you still get big bounces even if you're going to roll over to lower lows. So this is the example of that. This if we're going to roll over to lower lows this is your second chance. So again, it all depends on you as an individual, but you know, I just sent the same message to my dad. Again, told my dad to sign significantly size down into the end of last year, his equities exposure, and I just messaged him, hey, you know, I know you took a lot off if you were still uncomfortable two weeks ago. This is your chance to sell some more. So that's my warning to the boomers. And why do I specify the boomers? Because you've got a shorter time horizon window. If you've got 10, 20, 30 years in the market, you're not worried about these little blips. All right, so example of how I shift my probabilities. On the 12-h hour time frame, we were looking for a tightening range. We ended up breaking support on the NASDAQ. It was much better on the S&amp;P 500 because we had a double bottom down at that support. So, headed into the week where the most likely scenario for me was a lower high, which we got. I grabbed some more hedge position in my IRA, SPXS, SQQQ into this resistance. We then pulled back. I started grabbing some longs, some swing position longs, GME, MSTR, Walmart. We'll talk about those in just a bit. And we ended up bouncing off support and then we rejected from resistance again. So, this was following through perfectly with the most likely scenario. After significant volatility, you scout the equilibrium. Then I quickly shifted my tune. Now, at the end of the day on Wednesday, we rejected right off resistance. We closed at the low of the day. If you asked me what's the probability that we're going to pull back with a red day on Thursday and keep tightening up sideways, I would have said 70% plus that's going to happen. And then if you asked me, okay, what's your probability in the direction that this equilibrium is going to break? 50/50. I don't know. We can break either way very easily. I guess I'll give a slight lean to the bears because of the prolong trend is bearish and this is coming from a fear drop. As soon as Thursday started trading, I changed everything. Well, not as soon. It took a, you know, an hour of Thursday trading. And it was such a drastic change for me that I made a video uh and posted it in our chat room for chart guys members because it was such a drastic shift for me. As soon as the bulls rallied on the morning, I then shifted my probabilities where we're very likely to break this sideways range bullish. Still depends on Google earnings at that point in time, but my probability shift was based on it being easy for the bears to follow through with how Wednesday went and into daily consolidation Thursday. And if you look at SPY, SPY on Wednesday, bare candle right off resistance, close at the low. If as soon as the bears failed to break the low of Wednesday on Thursday morning and we rallied, that was the less likely scenario for me. And that instantly told me bulls have some significant strength here. And my probabilities went from, you know, four for what 70% continued tightening up to then shifting to we're likely to break bullish. And so, uh, we then follow through. We get a bullish enough Google's earnings reaction and now we break the Trump pump high. So now what? At this point now I'm going to be watching for daily consolidation in the short term. I'm not fighting the bulls. I'm using the 4hour EMA 12 as my guide and the the 4hour uptrend. And we had this little quick higher low set on Friday here. And we're battling this resistance. We haven't convincingly broken it yet. So, if we start Monday with a little bit of red, I'm going to start watching for the possibility of a 4hour rising wedge. And that would just mean watch for daily consolidation. But we need that red on on Monday morning for that to be the case. And then if this confirms and we break, I will zoom out and I will scout on SPY because it's a little bit more clear. I'll I'll scout a daily higher low, anything above 50846. So, I'm bullish in the short term. I'm cautious of a rising wedge and then I'll be watching for daily consolidation and a higher low. I still have hedge position on my IRA has a bull lean because of the longs that I grabbed two weeks ago, but I will grab more. You know, this is a spot where normally I'd be exiting hedge position because we're breaking resistance, but I don't have comfort to do that right now. I'm gonna stay a little bit agile. I will add to my bare exposure if it does indeed shape up as a rising wedge at the start of this coming week and then I'll just take it from there one day at a time as I maneuver a bit. But uh essentially bulls proving themselves with some nice break. The next key resistance that we're going to be looking at is this high. You know, we got a little gap fill on SPY at 55481 to be keeping an eye on. Then we got a resistance at 567s again. You know, we just went straight up from the last daily consolidation 8%. So, daily consolidation won't surprise us. We're going to watch the retracement size, but uh essentially again, short-term bullish, midterm can definitely go either way. And so, I'm going to remain agile and protective and be increasing my hedge exposure, decreasing it based on the information that I'm getting. And again, the NASDAQ 4Hour, same thing. If we are red on Monday morning, I will be looking at this as a potential rising wedge and I'll be watching for that to indicate daily consolidation and then we'll scout the daily higher low. As far as comparisons of individual names, considering the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P 500 just both broke the Trump pump high, and the names that I grabbed longs in had broken the Trump pump high long before the indices did. The names that have yet to break the Trump pump high are showing us relative weakness. And so keep an eye on any individual or sectors. We're going to look at the healthc care sector which hasn't broken. Individual names or sectors that have not broken the Trump pump high yet are on the bare grouping. The names that blew through it long ago are on the bull side of things. So that's helping to distinguish, you know, if I'm looking bearish, I'm looking at the names that haven't broken that level yet. Semiconductors. Semiconductors are just up at that Trump pump high. So it was 21281. We broke it by an insignificant amount. It's still a double top as far as I'm concerned. Again, big move up the last five days all week. And hourly uptrend is our guide on individual names like this. When we lose the hourly uptrend, we will zoom out. We'll scout a daily higher low, but we're at a key resistance test. And if you look at NVDA, we are not at the Trump pump high yet. So NVDA can be on the bare menu and say, "Okay, if we don't break the 114 to 115 resistance zone, I'm going to be looking short NVDA because I know if the NASDAQ sees any daily consolidation, Nvidia will still be under resistance and we'll pull back as well." That said, solid bounce. You know, that's a what 15% plus bounce very quickly. A lot of strength on Friday as we made our way into the gap fill. Filled that gap at 11050. Hourly uptrend is our guide. A lot of space for an hourly high or low to be the result of next consolidation. But again, a still a glaring resistance level that's two to 3% plus from where we stand. So we could even see bulls show up Monday morning, get a bit of followthrough. You're still going to be knocking on the door of that resistance and being a little bit extended on the bounce the last few days as you test it. So keeping an eye on that. Tesla huge day on Friday. Monster move, but and we did break the Trump pump high, but we do still have some resistance. So again, same thing. If we test this resistance first thing Monday, we're pretty darn extended into that level. And it's 288 to 292. We'll call it this little zone. Hourly RSI through the roof. I assume it cooled off a little bit with the sideways consolidation. What was the clue for Tesla? been talking about this a bit on Twitter and social media, but uh this is what we call we're building an indicator for it. It's going to be included for free in our May membership annual sale towards the end of May. We call it the morning volume surge. And again, it's when the highest on a very liquid name, the highest five minute volume candle is not the first one because the vast majority of the time that's your highest candle of the morning and it the volume dwindles from there. And so it stood out to us at 10:10 a.m. highest five minute volume candle of the morning took place. That tells you unusual volume, look for follow through in that direction. And from, you know, if you get the worst entry on that candle at 26764, you still have very significant followthrough. Wait, which candle here? Wrong candle. 1010. 27014. Worst entry. Let's say you buy the top of that candle. We then get another 7% of follow-through over the next couple of hours. So again, this is something that I've been incorporating in my trading as a signal, a momentum signal. I've used it plenty of times. And again, we'll have a a video explainer that we post on YouTube about how to use this in the future. But Tesla hourly uptrend is our guide. Key daily resistance test. The question for Nvidia and Tesla to start this week is do we fail the tops of these levels and remain rangebound a bit further and the burdens on bears in the short term to reject the price from these resistances. But again, I'm going to be keeping an eye out if I've got an IRA long lean like I have and let's just say the bell rings Monday. I'm keeping an eye out for a short if I can get a an eye out for a short if I can get a an eye out for a short if I can get a lowrisk opportunity shorting these names day trade position size sell partial into an initial rejection get my stop loss over the high at that point and then maybe it develops into a swing trade if the bears can follow through from there I got to see what Monday morning pre-market looks like but again it's how I'm I analyze the ETF and the indices first and I say okay if that's a 4hour rising wedge these are the names that have a very clear resistance level in play right away that I'm going to be looking to play short off of that resistance. So, that's just my game plan. Uh establishing a game plan, but again, we could wake up Monday morning and that could all be out the window. I don't know. We have to see where we're at. But I know what I'm looking for in the short term here. XLF again, one of the more significant bounces just in terms of look at the retracement of all-time high and fear low. We got up to a 62% retracement. We have a daily uptrend as our guide. So, the higher low was at 4514. The bulls are attempting to form a new higher low here. We were weaker to end this past week. If I'm looking bearish, I'm wanting to see again bull breaks with no follow-through, which is what we have. Bull break straight into consolidation. Bull break straight into consolidation. So, bears want to see that continue to be the case. Uh I don't love the clarity on the weekly chart. You know, are we in a weekly uptrend? This was a quick little pivot and higher high in the same candle. You can say so, but you could also go to the two-week time frame and zoom out and be looking on that perspective. Uh I just wanted to highlight that for me, a lot of names, the weekly charts are not as clear as I'd like them to be. So, I'm going with the daily charts, which are nice and clear for me. And XLF is an example of that. XLV has not broken the Trump pump high. Here's the weekly chart. So, let's zoom into the daily. Let's mark our resistance. Look at all of the rejections here at this zone. We topped out at 13944 24. So, low 139s is a very clear resistance zone. Again, another name where if we see weakness to start next week, if we fail this level, we're going to look to pull back and keep tightening up. This is just an equilibrium where you've got your low, high of the bounce, double bottom, double top, higher low. Do we form another lower high and just keep tightening up? That's definitely on the table as a possibility. Burden on bears to reject the price from resistance to start this coming week. So, if I'm looking long at this point, I'm not comfortable, unless it's, you know, a little quick day trade. I'm not comfortable with any swing trade longs until we get daily consolidation because again the fact that the NASDAQ S&amp;P 500 have gone straight up the last bunch of days to the tune of I mean the NASDAQ's up 10%. With no daily consolidation. So I cannot have any comfort entering a long unless it's looking for the daily higher low. Same as when I entered my last round of longs. It was looking for the higher low compared to the fear low on this pullback. So that's why I have a focus on potential shorts to start this coming week because I know I'm not going to be comfortable long for swing trades until we get that daily consolidation. So that means the start of this coming week, I'm doing one of two things. Nothing or looking uh for a short to enter. And just like this is this is literally me live planning my trade. I haven't thought about any of this until hitting this record button. And now I've got my start of next week laid out in terms of the direction I'm looking. So again, am I looking to be aggressive bullish? No. Am I looking to be patient bullish? Yes. Waiting for daily consolidation. Am I looking to be aggressive bearish? Maybe. Yeah. If there's a resistance level nearby and if the rising wedges are shaping up. Am I looking to be a patient bear? Not so much. Aggressive bear, patient bull. That's I've got it laid out. Still watching the This is an annoying thing. Still watching the quantum computing names and I'm watching OQ with a monthly higher low set. What's the most likely scenario? Well, because of the huge volatility and the significant retracement size, we know a monthly lower high is the most likely scenario. We zoom into the daily. Okay, daily big upper wick. There was a news reaction on Friday. Traded that with a nice short. Didn't let my short run long enough, but that was my win for the day. I'm keeping an eye on this resistance line. If the bulls cannot get over this, this is a bare flag on just a longer term time frame. Again, same deal. Break resistance, straight into consolidation. Double top, straight into consolidation. Break resistance. If we go straight into consolidation, that's exactly what a bare flag is. So, let's just zoom out and go two-day time frame. N a little bit further. Let's go weekly. trying to find the time frame where it looks the most clear. And really, it doesn't. I'd just stick to the daily. And the simple statement would be if the bulls do not get over this resistance line, it's a bare flag on a longer term time frame. You can see the news pump on Friday, give it all back. I was out by 30, you know, enter 31s. Should have left a runner. Uh, honestly, I didn't know what the news was and I don't I didn't know, you know, I I would think an equilibrium was the most likely scenario there with a higher low and then a lower high. Uh, I didn't even read the news. I just played the chart. Um, I don't know if that would have helped at all, but that's the way it goes. Uh, the other names RTI equilibrium on the weekly, nice and tight. Again, anything under 1140, I would consider a lower high. We're losing a little bit of the clarity in here, but still clearly tightening up. And again, I traded RGTI constantly in this range right here because of the huge volatility. And I'm trading it way less because the last two months have the same range of volatility as one of these weekly candles. That means to me that there was just as much opportunity in this one week as many of these weeks. So, I'm patiently waiting for the range to break and for volatility and volume to expand again. And I'll be keeping an eye out for a lower. I mean, these names are pretty much just leveraged versions of the NASDAQ. They go, they track it, they outperform it on the way up, and they outperform it on the way down. But, uh, I know that RGTI volume and volatility is going to pick up in May. Very likely. Another one. QB. Nope. QBTS. All about $6. This $6 level keeps coming into play. It was a double bottom on this fear drop. Now, it's all about this resistance of 777. So, again, these names have some decent day trading volatility, and when I've got nothing, you know, my go-tos are Tesla. When I've got nothing, uh, these quantum names are definitely something that I hone in on. Another name this past week was trading C. Absolute monster move. Again, seeing some little signs of risk on that helped me. It was it was the bulls buying Thursday morning and it was cannabis being solid green the last couple of weeks and names like this you know crypto uh spa not an IPO but I treat it like an IPO uh going 200% in two days risk on started to show up which told me we're likely to break this 12-h hour range bullish in the indices. So, this is an extremely volatile name, very thinly traded, but I had some fun with it. Way smaller position sizes. Again, just a note on trading when I know the volatility is insane and the liquidity is junk. First off, junk liquidity is a bull's best friend when you're in blue sky breakout. Uh, but the position size I would use on this name would be 20 10 to 20% of the position size I would use on trading Tesla. So again, that's how I adjust for the insane volatility. Cannabis 3-week bounce, but not proving anything yet. Definitely looks like a top is being set in the short term. We're going to look for daily consolidation this coming week. We have yet to confirm a daily uptrend. It's been a stairst step 12 days in a row. We've got to confirm a daily uptrend. We've got to confirm a weekly uptrend. As far as I'm concerned, this is just complete bare exhaustion. little bit of short covering, little bit of longs trying to play the bounce, but uh nothing is being proven as far as a long-term bottom. This is the bull's best chance at putting in a long-term bottom in the last five months, but they still have tons of proving to do. So, I've been trading this sector a little bit, but uh again, just from a bigger picture perspective, just stay skeptical until we get a confirmed daily uptrend, a confirmed weekly uptrend. That's what has to happen because we still have a lack of concrete news at this point. Again, great trading opportunity for a day trading perspective. CGC, you know, huge day on Thursday. Gap up is for selling most often. 21% up. Gap up into a 15% drop. Again, just great volatility for day trading cannabis stocks. Nope. Crypto stocks. So MSTR monthly higher low is set. And again, I started focusing on MSTR back here because of its relative strength. We broke the Trump pump high way before the indices were even close to getting to the Trump pump high. So initiated a long swing position in MSTY. At this point, we've gone straight up 55%. Uh but again, just focusing on relative strength when I'm looking bullish and relative weakness when I'm looking bearish. That's the number one best advancement I've made in my trading game over the last four or five years. Can't stress it enough how often it helps me trading. And this is just a perfect example where you know the gains that I've got on MSTY in the last few days. Forget exactly where I entered. But let's just say I entered up there which I didn't. I entered lower but even then 12% gain in six days. Sell a little bit into strength. Get your cost basis even lower, break even, stop, see if Bitcoin can get an all-time high in the near term. Watching for signs that gold is topping out and if Bitcoin can make it back for a run towards all-time high. If it can, stocks like MSTR, GME definitely going to benefit. Again, GME's Trump pump high, we blew through it very quickly. WMT also blew through it, but I'm getting a little skeptical here just because bulls are tiring. I made an entry somewhere around 92. And you can see bull break, no follow through. I got to be I'm going to be cautiously watching WMT. But knowing we have to confirm a weekly uptrend if we're heading back to all-time highs eventually. Dollar trying to set up a weekly bullish reversal candle. We'll just be looking for a weekly lower high to be the result of that bounce. Again, gold clearly the most bearish weekly candle in a while. Bears must confirm a daily downtrend right now. We have a little base trying to form. Again, there's no major red flags at this point. We just know we've run a bunch and we're watching for the possibility of weekly consolidation. And then we'll watch for a possibility of a weekly higher low. The red flag for the miners this past week was confirming this daily bull flag with zero followthrough. As soon as you have a red day on Monday, heads up, we're overextended. Bulls are tired and we then had a nice drop from there into weekly consolidation. So the miners have already started weekly consolidation. Do the metals join in? Silver. Anything under 3459 is just a weekly lower high. Watching for the possibility that we tighten up. So I'm not shorting these metals. I did short the miners for a day trade. Uh, I'm not shorting these metals because I'm not going to fight blue sky bull gold. But again, just knowing the relationship where gold breaks out, Bitcoin consolidates, Bitcoin breaks out while gold consolidates. That's been happening for two years. So, I'm watching to see is that shaping up again for the the shift, the rotation. Oil looks like I was watching a rising wedge on oil that I wouldn't say it's confirmed yet. I would need a break of 6153 for that to be convincing. If that were to break, then the weekly lower high is set. We know the weekly lower high is the most likely scenario. So, keeping an eye out for that. And natural gas mostly bears. Little bit of a bounce at the end of the week. Not much. Do we have to adjust? Yeah. So, still watching for a monthly higher low, but again, just want to give a, you know, this was a great trade and I'm proud of it for recognizing the long-term shift for not touching it long for two years and then saying, "All right, this is the time to make the attempt, getting a 75% gain on that trade. But I just want to highlight the importance of number one, not caring if you missed the move. I didn't care for two years if I missed the move. Number two, getting the trade to your target. My target was $5. We got to $491. And number three, now I'm done with it. You know, a lot of traders would be trying to re-enter along and failing and giving back some of their their gains. I had high conviction down here. I don't have high conviction. I know a monthly higher low is likely to form eventually, but I don't have any conviction as to where that's going to be. So I'm not wasting my time. Time is an opportunity cost where, you know, if I'm trying to position for a natural gas long swing, I'm missing out on, you know, a Tesla solid day trade or whatever else other opportunity there is. So can't stress enough where, you know, once you get what you're looking for, ditch it and go on to the other stuff. You I can find 15 charts where I have high conviction. Why am I going to focus on a chart where I don't have high conviction anymore? All right, I don't have any end of video content here. My phone screen broke. So, all the little videos. Let's go show you my natural incense here. These are Oh, now I'm blanking. Name of the flower, lilacs. These are lilacs popping off. I got all my windows open and just wafting incredible scents. It's going to last about another week. Enjoy it while it's here. So, what? Summarize. Know your limitations in conviction. You don't have to have high conviction. In fact, the majority of the time I don't have high conviction. I'm waiting for more information to get it. I'm looking short to start the week. Two things. Either doing nothing or looking short. That's it. If I'm looking long, I know the trade has to come to me with daily consolidation. I'll be watching to see the response to hourly oversold. Does hourly oversold mark a daily high or low? One more note, we had the first sucker punch. Google chart guys sucker punch. If you don't know what that is, first sucker punch for the bulls in a long time. Full bull control, complacency. We're just grinding straight up. Headline Trump, China, whatever. Dump. The stairst step marks that low and a massive V-shaped recovery. That's a sucker punch. Bears never confirmed a five-minute trend at any point on Friday in the NASDAQ. Okay, at the end of the day right there we did. But all here there is no confirmed fiveminute downtrend at any point. So sucker punch, nice to see it come back. I'm watching for signs of bulls. Sucker punch tells me bulls are back. Back burners would tell me bulls are back. They wouldn't be back burners, but they'd be acting the same way. You got to be in a breakout for it to officially be a back burner. Again, if hourly oversold marks a daily high or low, we know that's a characteristic of a bull environment. So, just little signs that were showing us that the bulls were were coming back. So, keep an eye on that futures 4hour rising wedge. Keep an eye on the retracements we get next daily consolidation. If you're looking long, focus on the relatively stronger names. If you're looking short, focus on the names that have not broken the Trump pump high. Stay agile. Don't get married to your opinions regarding the economy and let that influence the markets and stay protective and do good things. Thanks for the likes and the shares. See you soon.