============================================================
Video: URyvEvi4USQ
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Buyers Can't Hold Gains
Date: 2025-09-07
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 6908
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:09:00.068066
============================================================

Buyers again rallied to new highs but struggle to hold on to the gains. Are they running out of steam or do they have more in the tank? My name is Lamont, full-time trader, part of the chart guys team where I head up our swing report in our futures room. In this video, we'll go over how to assess uh which scenario is being affirmed heading into next week. So, let's get into it. Um, hang on. Okay. So, starting off with uh spy here. So, recall last week we ended in not the greatest fashion, right? Last week was this day where the market broke to a new all-time high, but had a pretty weak session. That was over here where we took out this demand zone and then kind of bare flagged into the end of the week. And that bare flag was was confirmed on Tuesday's trade. You know, was not a good-looking move for these buyers. But recall what we were monitoring, right? We know that what is the key structure. The best case scenario would have been to just keep holding over this guy. The next best case scenario, like we talked about last week, would have been to hold over this guy, right? Because this is essentially where the buyers just defended recently off of this retracement. And so what these buyers ideally would have done if they're not going to hold over this structure I should say this structure I've updated to here now um would be to keep affirming this fella as demand which they did right you pretty much open at the high of the range rather I'm sorry you open up in the middle move to the high of the range by the end of the day after holding the point of control. So this structure is still being affirmed as demand just like it was over here. Um, and then this break into new highs again, they couldn't hold on to it. But this is still okay, right? Like this is this is actually a better scenario than over here, right? Because at this at this point in this session right now, you're still closing like way above this point of control. Whereas when we were on this day, we were pretty much like right on it. Um, so next week, what we care about, it's kind of déja vu. It's very similar. We care about 64464 and if they can hold over 64464 which you know last week we were looking at the point of control of this structure this week we're looking at the PC of this structure. If they can't hold it over over it over here then again we're looking back down to here. So the key downside references are going to be 63985 and then 63539. And I think it's pretty interesting right? If you uh if you zoom in to this session, first of all, you can just see without zooming in that the low of the day on Friday was a near miss of the value area low of this uh pretty much the all-time high structure, right? It's not technically the all-time high structure because we broke to a new high, but we don't really have any balance here yet. So, I'm just going to call this the all-time high structure right now. And if we zoom in, you can see there was a clear battle for all of its key levels where you come down come very close to testing the value area low. Do not touch down on it. Reject from the value area high. Like you battled it out here for an hour and then you pretty much hold the point of control to the tick here. So the market is telling us, okay, this structure is super important right now. And so next week again, as long as we can hold over 64464, these buyers are positioned well for new highs. And I'm thinking um last week we had to I think that's the new updated R1. Yes, that's the new updated R1. Um, we should be looking out for that. That's that's what I'm looking up to at least because again, when we're in blue skies, we don't really have much to go with. This is the R1 for the week, which the buyers uh failed to get up to. But I'm thinking bigger picture. These buyers should be trying to get up to here, especially because we open pretty much right on the monthly pivot. Um, again, I can bring these tools back. I'm not just making that up. um we've opened right at the monthly pivot, slightly under it and then really didn't find much acceptance at all below it. So the objective should be the R1. Just like in the prior month here, you open up way under the pivot, don't get to the S1, eventually you pretty much close out the rest of the month just battling for the R1. Um so that's what I'm looking out for next week for SPY. And if we do start finding acceptance under 64464, that'll be early indication of the running out of steam scenario. The buyers running out of steam scenario, but there won't be meaningful damage until we can find acceptance under 63539. All right. Um I think we have trade zones, right? It's still all right. So obviously the original or this one from weeks ago, you're doing fine. You can probably walk your stop up to under this low now at this point for any position initiated from here. This guy hasn't gotten quite to target, but you know, I did already push a tweet out recommending on this day to just take some profit and walk your stop under here. I still stand by that. That's probably where you should be at right now. Even heading into next week, if you've not already done so, I would I would do so and then just throw your stop under here and see if these buyers can advance to that R1 level. All right, for the remaining position, I mean, uh, moving on to the Q's. So, what were we looking out for for the Q's this week? Recall we were looking out for this guy, right? This was our key structure. We know the sellers are affirming uh the all-time high supply as supply as long as holding under 580.06. And so, they started off again pretty much right in between these two key levels, right over the point of control under the value area high. You move up to the value area high, pop and drop there, find no acceptance, completely fill the gap, and then close back under the value area low. This is not ideal. Oh yeah, this is this is not ideal. Um, but it does affirm the potential for further daily balance, which is what we are being mindful of, right? We are likely looking at a situation like this, like a prolonged period of balance, which we we haven't seen in a long time. these small, you know, areas of balance built on the way up. Just look at them, right? This is like what, like, 10 days. This was far more. This was a few months here. So, I'm thinking we're probably looking at something like that. You know, buckle up. It's probably going to get choppy here, especially because the the overall market keeps seeing these new highs that, you know, aren't really holding, right? So, what does that suggest? That suggests late location buyers, right? So, these higher highs lacking follow-through, it suggests you have momentum style buyers, right? who are willing to join this momentum, but once we fall back down, negate these breakouts, they bail. Um, so essentially like daytime frame operators, shorter time frame operators. Um, that being said, this consolidation is still very healthy, right? Because well, what do we care about? If this is going to be a bigger picture chop like this, then really it would be problematic if we got back under the February 2025 high, which is it's not even close to doing that. So, uh, even if we were to break down, take out this key structure, flip it into supply, if these buyers can hold over here, and we just chop around over the February 2025 high, that's still higher prices being accepted relative to the prior 2025 high, you know? So, that would essentially be like uh really this actually this is a pretty good analog, not counting this, of course, but if we were to hold it here, chop around pretty much holding over this big block, that would be fine. Uh, we would rather not do this. But what if you just do this over here? Then that's no problem. Oops. All right. So, that's pretty much it for the cues. I think we had a trade zone set up. Okay. So, this one was a stop. It did bust it. And then second time around, it works out. It's working out okay. Uh, actually it worked out fine, right? Already got to the first target. So this is, you know, part of the reason why I like using this type of analysis is because you know your location, you know, your target, right? Like your location is always going to be key areas where the market has developed uh value in the past. And then your target is just going to be where where again where it's created value in the past, right? So the targeting for this trade zone for this initial exit, what is it based on? It's just based off of a test of this all-time high um supply, you know? So what do we what do we set the trade zones up around? demand zones, right? Where the market has found value in the past. Where do we set our targets? Supply zones, right? Supply zones. So, if you use that zone, ideally you chop it up, start to stop the remaining position under here. And then that would make up for if you used it to a T there make up for if you used it to a T there make up for if you used it to a T there and stopped out. You know, that's already um this is a 2.79R setup, right? So, assuming you you had a stop here, this one works out fine for you. You recoup that loss and you have a runner. Um, so that's it. Moving on to the rut. So, uh, the rut did pretty much exactly what we're looking out for, right? If we were going to see weakness this, uh, last week, we were looking for this breakout, this breakout over this high to be negated. That is exactly what the sellers tried to do. They they they just missed touching down the level. This is 23147 is the low. 231.46 is the high here that they broke out of. Um, so it's a notable failure, right? To get super super close to that breakout level and then not be able to touch down on it is of course a failure on the sellers part and the buyers took over from there. But essentially a pop and drop into the value area low of the all-time high supply. So again, this kind of a move does affirm increases the potential for further daily balance. But this is actually is okay if you look at it from a session to session perspective. Value was overlapping to higher still. It still like crawled higher especially into the end of the day. So, um the run actually looks fine. Uh what what they would like to see get done on Monday, right, is to just keep advancing this value higher. Ideally, you get a clean break of value higher here where the two value areas don't have any overlap. But even if you're just moving it higher, that's still a good look. Like over here, you have overlap, right? And you know, ideally, you would have this space in between, but the next day they continue to to uh sell forth. So that's what we're looking at for next week. We care about value, not just price, right? So price, this looks kind of bad, but um the way that value moved was still higher. The ENQ actually I think moved value even better, right? Because you had very little acceptance under the prior days point of control. So although these daily candles don't look great, you know, it's only because they fumbled a really strong start. you know that technically these are still advances from a session to session perspective not the ES the ES was pretty much overlapping completely but for the ENQ and the RUT they did advance from a value perspective um so that's it I don't think we set up a trade zone here just didn't come into it so that's fine I I still think this is fine like I would not be surprised if the rut were to reject from this structure meaningfully and then come back and look to test this guy um in which case this trade zone makes a lot of sense All right. Moving on to the Dow. So for the Dow, still waiting to see if this uh trade zone will shake out. Okay. For us, uh this again pop and drop not ideal. Increases the potential for further daily balance. But breakout still being affirmed as long as holding over 45215 here. 45155 is the prior all-time high. It's kind of this, you know, area of confluence here. It's just sideways, right? you're just consolidating this breakout right now. So despite the fact that this, you know, higher high like followthrough is not ideal, the sellers also haven't really created any meaningful damage right now. So next week we're nothing has really changed. We're looking out for the same exact thing for the Dow, right? The Dow key downside reference going to be this no change level. They need to find acceptance below it to just negate this breakout. So this is actually a pretty notable failure on the sellers part. And yes, this is a failure on the buyer's part as well. But you know where is the momentum right now? It's with the buyers, right? The buyers are are moving prices higher. So, the selling failure is more notable to me than this buying failure. Um, now, of course, that I would change my tune immediately if next week we find acceptance under these two levels. And particularly if we lose 444.54, flipping this big chunk of demand into supply would increase the potential that we come back down and test this area. Right? That's just how the market works. just works through these areas where it's established value in the past so it can determine what the fairest price to do business in the moment is you know um and again I would recommend pulling these lower bids walking your stop up to no later than here if you've chopped up your position you can leave your stop down here you've taken some profits that you use this trade zone taking some profits you can leave your stop down here if you haven't taken any profits you still pull these orders and walk your stop I would say to here so that if you roll over you know at least you can book a little bit of a small will win and then reset. That's pretty much it for the Dow. The dollar, nothing is happening in the dollar. I still stand by these two trade zones. Again, if this is your first time here, it's really just a matter of responsive trade, knowing that this key structure is what held all of these lows here. If this is not your first time here, I do apologize for you having to hear this again. Just go ahead and skip forward. These are all chaptered out, I think. Um, not I think I know. Anyway, so the idea is all right. Well, if you're not going to hold over this guy and keep continuing this balance, then the next objective should be here. And so the back test of this structure is why we set up this trade zone over here. So the sellers should be trying to make their way back down here. That's that's that's really it. Not much else to say. I still stand by both of these trade zones. Again, it's just a matter of responsive trade. Now, that being said, you can't love this lower low not seeing followrough. can't love this lower low not seeing follow through. So again, I suggest taking your profits if you've initiated any uh position in this trade zone and then walking your stop uh to you can leave your stop here until you see a meaningful breakdown. So again, if you've taken profits, right, then you can leave the stop for remaining position here. Worst case scenario, you walk away with a small win. If you've not taken any profits, then then I would suggest you tighten up your stop and hide it like right over here. Um, ideally you'll see some follow through on this first before you walk the stop down. I I would suggest taking profits and then leaving it here. That's that's what I would do. I think that makes the most sense. Gives your remaining position a good amount of leash and ensures pretty much ensures a a small win worst case scenario. Okay, so gold looking at the XAUSD CFD chart on a Wanda. Um, this look honestly looks great. This breakout is seeing a decent amount of follow through right now. And so really what these buyers want to do is just just hold this big chunk of uh volume over here. Even if price were to fall back down into this range, if they can just stay above where all of this value has been established in the past, then essentially these buyers will still be constructive. So I don't really think it would be, you know, on the ETF chart. Let me see what that would look like here. Yeah, if not for that discrepancy, then you know this deep setup, I would have been much more open to that. But the futures chart had that discrepancy and so I made an error. Like this is no risk at all. Honestly, uh on the ETF chart, doing something like this, I think makes a whole lot of sense, right? And then we'll just look at the R3 is where these buyers should be trying to get to. Something like that totally reasonable for a retracement play for GLD. All right, I guess we should cover GLD because, you know, it's um that just makes more sense. I'll replace it later. Anyway, that's pretty much it for um gold. Moving on to NVDA. All right, so NVDA, this is a decent amount of overhead supply now that's been established. The sellers should be trying to negate this breakout, right? the breakout over this prior all-time high here. 15313 should be their next objective. There's very little volume traded here, right? The big chunk of volume is down here. So, I still maintain that this is the most reasonable area to look for trade. Um, that's really there's no change. Just waiting for this setup to present itself on the monthly time frame. I'm just looking for a higher low. So, monthly retracement has now begun. Anything over 86.62 is going to be good for one. Again, these sellers should be trying to back test this big chunk over here. All right, daily chart now bearish lower highs and lower lows. Key lower high resistance is 17241. Just a little rinky dink one over there. And the best case scenario would be to not come down here. So if the sellers can if the buyers can continue to prevent a back test of 15313 that would be ideal like consolidation sideways that doesn't come back test this breakout point would be the best case scenario for these buyers. Curious to see what this looks like. I don't love that. Don't love that setup. Uh moving on to Bitcoin. So Bitcoin again testing this key demand zone. Uh I still stand by this trade zone. It's the only thing that makes sense to me right now for Bitcoin. We are looking for monthly higher lows now. Anything over 74420.69 will be good for one weekly time frame. Um making space for a lower high under the alltime high 124533. And that's uh really it potentially setting up for that pass back over on the TDST setup. I don't know how much I've spoken about that on these uh weekend updates. It's something I've been working on. I don't know how public I'll be with it. I I I rather like the setup and I don't want to erode the edge. Uh it's far less nuanced in my opinion than, you know, this kind of VP approach. So, think I'd just play it closer to the chess. Um but anyway, from a VP perspective, I still think this makes a whole lot of sense here. Um, basically, as long as you're holding over this big block of demand, these buyers should be trying to test the all-time high again. And the sellers, you know, obviously they jumped into the driver's seat after this pop and drop into new all-time highs and over the yearly R1, but again, they've not created any meaningful damage until they can take out this big old chunk of demand over here. Okay. And Ethereum, same dealio, right? This local demand hasn't even been taken out yet. So it doesn't look great, right? Because from an advanced perspective, these buyers didn't advance so well, but you ask, you know, how are the sellers advancing and they're not, right? Because they haven't even negated this breakout over this local demand zone. So I still stand by this. I think this is a pretty reasonable place to be looking for trade. Ideally, you see extension into this um test of this area to be looking for trade in here. And if you hold this demand zone, then what are they going to do? They're just going to try to come right back to here. That should be their objective, right? It's just the all-time high supply now. Oh, it actually broke to a high and then uh didn't see evolve. What did it What's XRP doing? XRP. Great. Um, all right. And then finally for CCJ here, again, no change, you know, like these this situation here with CCJ, just look at how often it balances, you know, look at how often it chops around. It spends like literally years sometimes just chopping around in a range. So after this range expansion, it's kind of similar to here, right? I'm I'm thinking we're probably going to look out for something like this. And if that's going to be the case, then you really just want to look for these back test plays, right? Just like these lows over here, which just a back test of this structure that just broke out. Just like these lows over here, just a back test of this guy. Just like this low, just a back test of this guy. That's just how the market works. So just sit tight for CCJ. And um I think I I would be surprised if we don't eventually back test this area. Okay. And if you are hanging out from a position here with a runner, I would hide it under here, right? Because you want to give this, if you initiate off the lows of this range, then what you want to see now is something like this, right? And so if something like this is going to print, then you don't want to choke this trade by walking it too tightly, especially if you've already taken profits on your way up. Ideally, you'll see bigger picture structure shake out first before you walk that stop up. All right, so that's it. Um, let's see. Trade review. Should be a pretty quick one. Didn't do that much trading this week. Uh, the first one was the ES. I bought the passback over the overnight low. Let me just hide these. That was on 92. Uh, all right. So, why did I do that? I forget. Let's see. Okay. So, it's a big gap down and I'm thinking, all right, let's uh I don't really like going with gaps that are big. Typically, when the gaps are very large, you get a a hold situation, a gap and hold situation because um the large gap is done in the overnight session. The overnight session is low volume, people tend to be more active. Well, I mean, people are more active. There is more activity during the regular trading hours. So once the bell rings, you have a lot of people who need to reposition. And so you'll have like people who are going in short over the weekend is a gap down, right? So people who are who went in short over the weekend, they're probably taking profits, right? And then you have aggressive buyers know playing off of this demand zone. They're trying to buy, right? So you have a lot of people that are, you know, kind of going against each other. And the day traders, you know, people like you and I, most I think most people who watch these videos, um, you don't care, right? you just you you you want to get any piece of the pie that day as long as there's like some kind of meaningful direction. You don't really care which way, right? Could be a sell, could be a buy, it doesn't really matter. Um, so if you're like that, then what are you doing? You're just kind of waiting for the market to show its hand a little bit. See what the digestion looks like and then see if there's a cheap setup here. It doesn't really matter which way. Like every single session, there's probably going to be opportunity for both sides. You know, for me, a lot of the folks at chart guys, we like to only play with the direction of the larger trends. The more trends that are in your favor, the more likely we are to bias that direction. But it doesn't mean that fading that strength, you know, is wrong, per se. It just should have lower expected value. But if for whatever reason, you know, that's what you prefer and you're good at it, like then by all means, more power to you. You know, it's not wrong. Um but either way for me typically I like to just continue to buy as long as long as the the key demand zone that I'm watching is holding and I for me heading into this week that was this guy right the best case scenario would have been to hold over this structure here or rather this structure here that would have firm this breakout over it while the next base best case scenario would have been to hold over here. So on this um day we open up over here and in the morning rundown I said I'm just going to let the you know market shake out a little bit because it's a big gap. So probably the odds of a gap and hold are pretty good. Um so just want to see what happens. So that's what I'm talking about here. I say for big old gaps, I let the market show its hand before trying anything. So I'm just reiterating what I say in the morning rundown video. Um if you're interested in seeing those morning rundown videos, I do them every uh day, even on Mondays, which usually Mondays, which are my day off, most Mondays. Um I still do it. Just gives you a quick rundown and uh what to look out for. Give you some key levels. And I pretty much not always but I very regularly almost always will share what I think is like the most reasonable at least a bias. Uh usually there will be an actual like trade idea that I'm looking to get done that day. Um sometimes it would just be like okay I'm going to wait for the market to to present you know itself a little bit before we make a decision which is what happened on this day. Um, and so we get the open and I say, "All right, the first thing we need to see is the O and L test, right? The OL test is going to be super key because if these sellers, the cash market sellers or regular trading hours sellers want to have the most confidence, they need to drill under the overnight low to affirm the overnight sellers because the overnight sellers, they should be weak sellers uh compared to the cash market sellers. So if the cash market sellers can't get beyond where the overnight sellers can get to, then the cash market sellers are weak. So, I see this situation and it's, you know, they're not advancing well beyond the overnight low and I just put a limit order in and uh pretty much got it right on the overnight low if if I remember correctly and I just gave it a little bit of wiggle room and I was playing for a back test of the open. Makes me wait quite a bit um like 10 minutes or so before finally getting that back test of the open. I find that it helps if you shame it, shame the asset that you're trading. So I say, is this guy really going to be the only nerd that doesn't tag the open? Because everybody else at that point had already tagged the open. The ENQ on the um what was this? The second whatever. Just just trust me. Everybody else the ENQ and the Rut had already tagged the open. Um but it does get there. And then the next exit that I was looking for um let's see was uh let's see chopped at 98. So that's just under the open 98. And then the next one was uh makes me wait a little bit more. And I was looking for another exit at 41225. 41225 is Oh, I thought I had it um thought I had it uh anchored here. I guess not. I'll just show you. It is here. It's the high of Oh, that's weird. It was there. That's the high of this session, right? Because I'm thinking, all right, if we're going to open up over here, we're not going to move past the overnight low, which was also the point of control of this session. The next objective should be for these buyers to try to leave this session because again every well I haven't said it this time but I say very often every session is just the market trying to vote it is voting on what it considers to be the fairest price to do business. So if this move doesn't take out the point of control of this session the next objective for these buyers should be the value area high and then the high of the range. So the open was pretty much the same as the value area high. So obviously I'm not going to take something off at the open and the value area high when it's pretty much the same level. So instead I just said all right well if these buyers are going to leave are going to have any problems they should be trying to leave this day and they do have problems here initially right you you pop and drop fall back into the range take out the overnight low and then at the end of the day you have a a bit of a rally. So I day you have a a bit of a rally. So I day you have a a bit of a rally. So I get two exits there stop out the rest and I realized that this is um you know something some room for improvement. whenever there's a room for improvement. I just mark it with a hammer and a wrench that's just to let me know that I can work on something. And you know, on this day, I realized I should have just gone with the rut. This is normally something that I do. I typically bias to whichever um chart has the best daily reference. And the rut on this day had the best daily reference. Right? You opened up here and you were right at the daily breakout point. It was a really really cheap setup here to just buy this this like one minute stairst step off of this daily no change level. Right? That was super cheap setup just to buy that. Um, and I wouldn't have gotten stopped out, right? Because uh, if you look at the uh, rut here, right, on the second, this doesn't make a new low. So, the ES made this new low, right? So, it takes me out of my trade, out of my last position, and then it rips, right? And it keeps going. So, had I had I made that adjustment and played where there was a a key daily level, which again is normally what I do for better or worse. Sometimes it doesn't help, which I which you'll see soon. Um, I think that would have been better. So, it's a it's kind of a nuance situation. I'll talk a little bit more about it once we get to that next situation here. So, on 93, I didn't do anything. I don't even know why I included this. It doesn't doesn't matter. On 93, I didn't do anything. I I did think that there was a decent setup on the ENQ. I didn't even do the levels, right? So, like whatever. Um, I just missed it on the on the third because there was data. So, this is just an unfortunate situation where it sets up uh on the third over here. It sets up when when data is coming at like 10:00 here. I was thinking, okay, these devout plays are looking pretty cheap and reasonable, but because we had 10 a.m. data, I just hesitated and then whatever, right, I missed it. So, that was just a bummer. Um but for 94 on 94 here. Okay. So 94 the open is here for the ES. We're looking at this key test, right? We opened up pretty much right on the point of control of this alltime high supply. So, you know, my portfolio is pretty much all long except for like cover calls. It's very much net long. And so, I was thinking, okay, you know, I'll put my rules aside and maybe I'll try the aggressive sell. Again, I talk about this in the morning rundown. I was thinking we should still buy us long. I I I say we should still buy us long, but if there's a cheap setup against this point of control, I'm willing to take it to see if these sellers can take a can uh create a lower high here and then maybe I can save some for a bit of a hedge. Um that didn't shake out, but I did still manage to ek out a small win here. And so this was uh I'm letting you know, letting everybody in the chat room know the context. Okay, we're testing that daily point of control. And then I sold the ES. Oh, uh, I I I I didn't say, sold the ES. Oh, uh, I I I I didn't say, sold the ES. Oh, uh, I I I I didn't say, but it's passed back under the open, I believe. I I assume they they know what I mean. Passed back under the open. Stop is over the high. I was looking for a chop over here, and that that's a full stop. Um, and then I stopped and I'm still eyeing it. And then I tried it again at the overnight high here because it's the same exact reasoning that we were talking about before, uh, regarding the overnight low, right, for the trade on Tuesday. the buyers, if they're going to have the most confidence, the cash market buyers, they need to hold over the open, of course, in order to just be control of the cash market and then they need to hold over the overnight high to affirm the overnight buyers and have the most confidence in day plus buying. So, if I'm going to be a seller, then I should be interested in looking to be a seller there to see if they fail the overnight high because if they fail the overnight high, where are they going to go? They should try to get back to the open first. It makes me wait a long time. Um, but eventually it does get back down to the open. And then, uh, I was looking for a Deepo back test. So, that was just over here. Oops. A Deepo back test. I was looking for the Deepo over here. And it printed higher, but I was I just in that kind of a scenario, I I still just wait for it where it was. I just, you know, it's that's just how I do it. Maybe it would have made more sense to just, you know, accept some worse R, but I don't know. I was just being stubborn, I guess. Is that an error? I guess I don't know. It's kind of playing for an open back test, too, you know. So, I don't really consider that much of an error. The open is I would say the daytime frame references should take precedence over the developing uh value, especially when it's still still early in the session. So, I don't really consider that an error. Um anyway, so they chop it up at 949. Damn, it made me wait mad long. Um, and then I was out more above I would say look more looking for more out above 61. It was my same objective. It's just this end of the day structure. So I chop it up more at 61. That turns into a pretty decent trader more than decent trade more than makes up for this guy over here. And then I just get stopped out the rest when I'm eating um my oats. And I do have something I think again I think I should have been um better about this because the ENQ the sell would have made a lot more sense on the ENQ on this day because on the ENQ we had the relative weakness right so that's this day over here on Thursday on Thursday for the Q's uh it was here like we're not even close to this all-time high supply and it would have offered uh some better sells so the Thursday uh was here. I mean, it wouldn't have stuck, but it still would have given us a better setup. That's on the fourth over here. The overnight high was like some somewhere around here. Hold on. Let me just make sure. Or even just selling this pop and drop at the regular trading hours high and then looking to play back to the value area high. That was much better trade just selling this one minute stairst step here for example, right? like you assume with some slippage on the ENQ on the ES you you very rarely will get a slip and just getting back to this breakout point would have been 2.5R. So something I can work on. Like I just kind of lean very heavily on the uh setup that has a big daily level. And there's nuance to it for sure. But in this case, I do think that it would have been reasonable to think through it all and go with the um buy with the relative strength and the sell with the relative weakness, you know. Anyway, um that is it. So again, if you're interested in these playbyplays in our futures room and morning updates updates throughout the day, uh check out the community links in the description below. And if you are interested in getting two novel ideas, trade zones sent to your uh email. It goes to our website as well uh updates for any trades that we take, update from me and Dan weekly. Then check out the swing report links in the description below as well. Otherwise, thank you for sharing some of your time and energy with me. Hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and I hope to see you all next time. Very well.