============================================================
Video: Et7eljwQpx4
Channel: TheChartGuys
Title: Lots of Trading Lessons
Date: 2025-06-07
source: youtube-auto
language: en
word_count: 7935
extracted_at: 2025-12-29T15:12:18.123649
============================================================

Hey everyone, I'm charting man Dan with the chart guys. We're going to check in on the markets after a wild drama-filled week back and forth between Musk and Trump. Tesla collapsed, but there's still a lot of bullish setups I'm keeping my eye on as long as the broader market maintains our guide for full bull control. Let's look at the charts. So, we'll start with weekly charts and zoom in from there. And we have the S&amp;P 500 with the highest weekly close in months up at bounce highs. And really the only thing that the bears are hoping for is a rising wedge. We have to keep an eye out for that possibility. But we also know that in a strong market environment, rising wedges break bullish. And we have that last time around. Remember when we were watching for a potential rising wedge back here that broke bull. It's a bad chart, but we were watching for it back here as we were grinding higher without much follow-through. And then we got a significant bull break. And so now it's the same thing. And what continuously stands out to me is that the small advances that the bears have made are all very short-lived and don't get trend change follow-through. And so here we are continuing to grind up the higher lows. So we had our higher low back here, another higher low to end last week and now trying for another higher low to end this most previous week. And again, strongest or the highest close and we're just battling this 6,000 level, which definitely is acting as a pin in terms of keeping the price nice and contained to it. But again, you know, a couple times we had a big bear reaction to the Musk uh Trump drama at the end of the day on Thursday. But again, overnight we bounce, the bell rings, fresh highs. So, uh, no follow through for bears and we can watch on the 12-h hour time frame this possible rising wedge, but just keep the burden on bears. Prove it, bears, we need to see something clearly shift in this market environment. Otherwise, we're going to keep heading higher. Excuse me. And as far as the next resistance, not a ton left until all-time highs. We're a few percent away, but it's a big zone here. You can see all this price action where we were trading sideways and chopping around. We are stalling out at the base of a lot of that price action. And again, just looking at how far do we have to go? We're looking at S&amp;P 500 3 and a half% or so. So, keeping a close eye on that range. And as far as I'm concerned, we can enter next week with a simple statement. If the low of Thursday is holding, the bulls have complete control. NASDAQ, same deal. Closing up strong, bit closer to its all-time high. We are back at that resistance zone again. All this sideways range, we are back within it. But daily higher lows, daily EMA 12 said the same thing last week. If we're holding daily EMA 12 as we have been for the last two and a half months or one and a half months, April, May, June. Okay, one and a half months. Nothing changes. Held it. Held it. Trying to hold it again. So, can the bulls start this coming week with a break to alleviate concerns of the rising wedge? And as soon as we do see some bare action, again, if low of Thursday breaks, I'm going to grab pro protection uh in my IRA. I did grab a little bit of uh in my IRA. I did grab a little bit of uh in my IRA. I did grab a little bit of protection with the drama Thursday afternoon. Quickly stopped out on Friday and uh back to bull lean until proven otherwise. Semiconductors, we had a sideways range at key resistance and again just a bull break. So the daily time frame, we were battling this level. We broke above it on Wednesday. And it had a really nice back test on Wednesday. You can see that we we gapped up right above it. We dropped down. There's your back test. And then that marks the low. And then again on Thursday, back test and hold. So that was the previous resistance zone. You see on the hourly just rejected a bunch. That was a daily top that we rejected from three times and it has now held as support twice. So daily inside bar Friday on SMH. And again, if it breaks bare, we've got a lot of space for a daily high or low, anything above 23537. If it does break bear, broader market bulls ideally want to see some of our other sectors get rotation like XLF or XLV getting a leg up while SMH consolidates. So we're always watching for that. That's almost like my, you know, if I I watch the NASDAQ as my main thing just because the majority of things I trade like Tesla, uh, care about the NASDAQ more. But there anytime the NASDAQ and semis see weakness the first thing I'm doing is looking at the other sectors. Are XLF and XLV dropping with it which is more believable or are they holding up just fine which makes me immediately default to okay that drop is much less of a big deal because it's the standard rotation that is going on. So within SMH we have NVDA had the earnings reaction back up to the high again. clear resistance zone battling the 143s and you can see that's from back here in February as well. And again, just very limited resistance before that all-time high, but battling. And then we have a little bit of rotation taking place. Look at MU. MU had an extremely bullish week. It started with some clues. Look at this automated buying. How do we know this is automated buying? Because this is not normal price action to ride up 5minute EMA 12, touch it at 11:10 a.m. and then go strong enough where you do not touch that shortterm fastmoving EMA for the next 3 to four hours. The only way that happens is automated buying. And then you see it again the next day. Automated buying. We touch fiveminute EMA 12 at 10:00 a.m. We do not touch it again for another three plus hours. Automated buying. and then it's just nothing but followthrough. So the first sign of automated buying if you get the worst entry on that day, it's up at 99 and we very quickly get 10% of followthrough. So now we're we're testing the upper portion of this range. I was watching to see is MU going to struggle back at this previous support now resistance zone and the answer was no. We just ripped right above it just gap up above it and so we are seeing some rotation AMD as well. Nah, not so much. Take that back. AMD divided by SMH. Again, when we want to see rotation, nope, it's not there. MU divided by SMH, much more convincing. MU is the strongest it's been compared to the ETF in two and a half months. So, pay attention for rotation within the major sectors because that is going on with MU right now. Tesla. So, drama. Let's not forget Tesla. Let's let's talk about charts first and then we'll talk about drama. So charts first, we know a monthly lower high is the most likely scenario. When we look at this kind of volatility, we know to scout a monthly higher low and then we know to scout a monthly lower high and we look to tighten up a good bit of the year uh potentially into Q3, Q4 when we will look for a break. And so catalyst being headlines. So again, Trump and Musk having a falling out. Anybody with egos those sizes, you know, it's inevitable that they're going to fall out, but the speed at which it happened was pretty wild. And now we're getting deescalation. Just 40 minutes ago, uh, Musk deleted the tweet linking Trump to Epstein. So, uh, I do believe we may have reached peak drama between the two, but the price drop on Tesla 17% on Thursday was wild to watch and to trade a bit. Uh but definitely got to be paying attention to to all the tweets and all that because it clearly is having a significant impact. But all that said, there was a head and shoulders pattern. So I just need to find my post here. So on Monday, this is something I do all the time, early pattern recognition. And a lot of the time the patterns that I'm very early trying to prepare for don't play out and I don't lose anything because I'm not positioning this early, but I'm laying the setup for knowing that I this is what I want to see if I'm going to position. It's essentially saying if this trade is going to come to me, this is what I want it to look like. And so on Monday, we had weakness. Lead bear gapped down. So, pre-market gapped down after the hard selloff that last 10 minutes Friday, the end of the month, there was a hard drop that was unusual to Tesla because other names were popping or holding just fine. I think we talked about that last video. Uh potential for a daily head and shoulders. So, what does that mean? If I'm looking for a daily head and shoulders right then and there, that means I'm looking for daily support to initially hold. I'm looking for a daily bounce and then I'm looking to roll over and head to lower lows. Why was I looking for support to hold? We were a bit oversold in the short-term time frames heading into a very clear support zone. Why was I then looking for a daily lower high if the support held? Because the size of the pullback was significantly enough significant enough that it created the space for it. And so then we got it and I was ready to short Tesla on Wednesday. You know, as soon as we break 343, daily lower high is set. So, I had a good short on Tesla on Wednesday and I did swing a small runner position of that day trade, but unfortunately didn't foresee the catastrophe blow up that happened and I did exit it before the fireworks got going. So, solid trade, but obviously didn't anticipate a 20% drop in two days of that pattern following through. So, where do we stand at this point? daily inside bar with some recovery again. A bit of deescalation RSI on the 4hour time frame. Look at 20 and go back. What happens when the 4hour RSI hits 20? The riskto-reward of getting a solid bounce is very high. We have bounced from 4hour RSI hitting 20 for years. Can we dip below it? Yes. The best example was back in January of 2024, a little bit in April 2024. And it doesn't just mean buy. It means this is an area where your probabilities are shifting where you can start to get more confident scouting a bounce. I didn't play that bounce because I didn't feel like holding anything overnight. The riskreward wasn't worth it for me with all that drama swirling around. But uh again, just identify something and again it's not that in itself is not enough to establish the trade game plan, but it's the thing that says okay, I should start looking in this direction. And so it's another successful bounce. This one ended up being 10%. Again, RSI has cooled off, so that doesn't mean we can't go lower, but uh just find the patterns, right? That pattern has played out the last six times over the last two years, year and a half, whatever it's been. So now what? So, we've got a short-term support to be watching down at 291 and struggling in the low 300s. So, I'm just watching this range right in the middle of it. And again, the broader market definitely having an impact. If we get over 30,550, we will zoom out and scout a daily lower high to be the result of that bounce. But we know after massive volatility to scout a tightening range. So, I would not be surprised to trade within this range of Thursday's candle for a lot of next week, probably all of next week. So, just keeping that in mind. But if we break bear, I'll be watching for the possibility of a playoff support depending on what the broader market is doing. And if we break the inside bar bull, I'll be watching for a daily lower high compared to the 325 XLF weekly inside bar bull break. Again, this is not a good-looking cup and handle because it's not a nice rounded bottom. But the psychology of the pattern is there for me where we have an all-time high, a rejection from all-time high, and a bull flag attempt. So, as I said in the last video, the simple statement is if 4957 is support, we're going to see all-time highs. The only way we're not going to see all-time highs is if that support level breaks. Duh. But inside bar bull break and again the major question for me I would love as a broader market bull I would love to see the next time SMH sees daily consolidation Monday Tuesday whenever have XLF bull move up and get over 5177 to confirm the weekly bull flag to show us very healthy rotation but a nice end of the week we battled sideways chopping around gap up and strong close on Friday and so that puts that resistance of 5177 in play about 1% away from where we closed. XLV is also trying to see a bit of a bounce. Multiple weekly inside bars broke bull and next resistance in play. 13509 must break to try and keep this move going as far as being a lead bear sector trying to shift a bit. In the video last week, I talked about XLV and watching UNH. UNH is volatility is coming, right? We are tightening up sideways. A new daily higher low has been set. So, we bounced off the 290s. We set a lower high at 313. Now, we have a higher low at 294. We're just tightening up sideways. And we know this range is going to break probably this coming week. Bulls want to see XLV break resistance to try and help UNH get over 31355, but the burden remains on bulls because we are just setting daily lower highs and struggling at daily EMA 12 at this point. But we know to pay attention for this break when it comes here and the weekly inside bar on UNH. Actually, I take that back. It's not an inside bar. The weekly bounce is technically underway. But in order for it to not be a weak bounce, we definitely got to get over 313s and ideally the initial bounce high 325. So UNH does remain on watch trying to form this longer term pattern. Was also watching XBI. XBI is on the verge of confirming the first weekly uptrend in months, six months or whatever. And we did break 8424. Not a ton of follow-through. That was a top watch for me Friday. Entered first thing. And it's always, you know, how do you enter a resistance break for me? You've got to hold the low of the day. And so the bell rings, you know, see an initial bull move. All right, I'm long. And then my stop just goes under the low of the day. If we break the low of the day, it's a red flag to break resistance and then give some back. If you hold the low of the day, you got a great entry. And so, fortunately, we held the low of the day. And now I have a swing position in labu looking for XBI to try and confirm this first weekly uptrend in months. And uh next resistance zone is up 86 to 88s. And so that's a potential target, but it was just a little daily bull flag. Again, not a a beautiful cup and handle kind of pattern, but it's the psychology of the pattern. you have a clear resistance rejection into a bull flag. And the hope is that if the bull flag confirms, you stop out multiple layers of bears. You stop out bears playing off of this level. And you stop out bears most recently that shorted off of that previous level. And so hopefully we can see XBI bulls get a more convincing move up towards 86 to start this week. But definitely want to see XLV help. They they trade handinhand a bit. There was some headline help in the biotech sector. uh something about Jean stuff. I don't have the headline off hand obviously, but uh C CSPR crisper. These small cap names were benefiting. They've been crushed forever, but a little bit of a headline boost helps the biotech sector. So, new swing position. We'll see how it goes. And at this point, my stop just is under low of uh Friday risk-f free. So, again, enter on the morning sell 40% into the initial bull move because it's a larger position. It's a more day trade size position with a tight leash. And if I'm going to give it a longer leash, I'm going to size down a little bit. I'm going to get my cost basis a little bit lower. And so stop under 8322 and we'll see. So other setups are still strong. And again, my mindset is looking for long setups as long as the broader market is strong. anytime, you know, a major name that I'm very comfortable with and watching a lot like Tesla will give me a potential bare setup, I'll pay attention to it just because if I'm only I don't want to be tunnel vision only looking long. Uh it it's nice to have a setup where if the broader market shows weakness, I'm going to look short on this name. And so that was Tesla for me. And even though the broader market hardly showed any weakness, obviously it didn't need to very much. The relative weakness in Tesla was glaring for a few days there. But uh the the other setups I mean QBTS quantum is a weekly bull flag at all-time highs. Again any name at alltime highs we also got to talk about circle forgot about that. Any name at alltime highs deserves extra attention because the reward potential is greater with a lack of resistance. So here we have a pullback to daily EMA 12. Again the back burners for blue sky names. The majority of my profits as a trader are these trades. Gap down hourly oversold on QBTS was your best entry and then we're up double digit percent from there over the next few days without breaking to a lower low. And your mindset on that gap down is that is Oh, I take that back. We did just barely get a lower low there. Yeah. Okay. So, you need some wiggle room. But my mindset is that's the daily higher low or I'm wrong. We broke that support. No, we didn't. Okay. It was the pre-market level. 1510 pre-market. That's the level. We held 1515. Little double bottom and then the convincing bounce. That's why I was confused. So again, I I will default to the pre-market level. If the low of regular trading hours is, you know, a percent and away and a half percent and a half away from a regular trading hours and extended hours levels, I'll default to the lower level. um just because the last thing I want to do is stop out because a regular hours level breaks, but the pre-market one from just a percent lower doesn't. So that's just my uh how I approach the extended hours levels, but daily EMA 12 rider holding it again. Did we get to hourly oversold again? Yep. Again, hourly oversold didn't see much. Well, there was an initial nice bounce, but took the next day to get the bull follow through. Anyways, all that said, daily higher lows, daily EMA 12, strong close Friday, all-time highs back in play. So, we're watching the daily uptrend. The bulls have complete control as long as we keep setting daily higher lows. And 16 is now our key support. QBTS is way stronger than peers. Look at RGTI not even close to doing the same thing. OQ weaker, still trying for a weekly higher low, but weaker. And again, so if I'm watching so many things, I'm watching crypto stocks, I'm watching metals, I'm watching all this stuff. I don't want to be focusing on four quantum names. If I'm looking long, I'm just interested in the longest one. So all I care about right now is QBTS as long as it's the lead bull. QBT had a very strong Friday as well. But there's way more resistance on this name than there is on QBTS. A QBT bull is hoping for a gap fill up to 1637. If I had to choose a number two to be paying attention to in the short term, it would be this name, but I'm not. I care about QBTS. So, we'll see if we get it. Circle big hype IPO. Beautiful followthrough. I mean, this is again blue sky, right? The one of the most important things as a trader is knowing when to pump the gas and when to pump the brakes. We pump the brakes when we are in constricting ranges. We pump the gas when constricting ranges break into price discovery. ideally blue sky breakout or expanding ranges. And just a nice little perfect example of this is circle on Friday. We know if we break 10375 the all-time high. And again, how about that IPO? Just people, it was oversubscribed. People didn't get the shares that they wanted. So the bell rang and we just ran straight up almost 100% within the first 15 minutes of an IPO. That's wild. More like 80% or whatever. But still, you know, there's tons of demand. 60%. 60%. Still good. You know, there's tons of demand. And you know that on Friday, as soon as you break 10375, you can definitely see a lot of follow-through. Again, riskreward favors reward because it's brand new. It's sexy and shiny, and there's no resistance. And so, you double top at that level first thing. And so, here's what I'm talking about. Pumping the gas and pumping the brakes. And I actually tried to play this break first thing as an aggressive bull. I had a stop buy at 100. I got filled at 101. I sold quarter of that buy in the 103s to protect myself if we reject from resistance and then we reject and I exit the rest on a break of 100 because the last thing I want to see is break a 100, double top and then give it back. And so that was a small loss to start. My first trade Friday was a small loss and that was me. Okay, here we go. Nope, we're not ready yet. Stay protective. It's very hard to trade this name. As a full-time trader with tons of experience, this is the most uncomfortable kind of thing that I trade because it's very illquid and the volatility is insane. You can very quickly be down 10%. And for me, being down 10% in a day trade means something is terribly wrong. So, I have to size down my positions. Normally, you know, if I'm trading uh a certain number of pos of shares position size on Tesla as my standard day trade, this will be a third of that in terms of trying to uh stifle that volatility a bit. But, uh my point is we ended up 90 minutes we're trading within a $10 range and as soon as we break resistance, we then see $20 range in 20 minutes. So again, that's that's trading in a nutshell. You can trade sideways within a constricted range like UNH for days or weeks or whatever. And then as soon as that range breaks, you get that amount of opportunity range volatility very very quickly. We'll look at silver in just a moment, which has been my major top watch this past week. uh for a perfect example of that. You you pump the gas when constricted ranges break because you can very quickly see opportunity in terms of follow-through. So did it again. At this time I was a little bit more patient. All right, I'll buy 104. And again, as soon as you buy a 104 break, we just go straight up to 119. 15% 14% follow through. Plenty to to scale out a little bit. Get a breaky. I put my break even stop at 101.99 and then just let it play out. Uh did take some profit into the initial move. Look at this back test. Such perfection. Five minute higher low. Definitely more pullback than the bulls wanted to see, but right off the double top of previous resistance and we then bounce and go back to an all-time high, pull back. I was hoping that the bulls could form a healthy 15minute tightening range into the close and close strong to be looking for an extended hours bull run and a gap up open on Monday to all-time highs. We could still get that gap up open, but it wasn't a strong close. Hourly higher low set into extended hours. So 10620 is now a key level. And again, just as long as the hourly uptrend is intact, I'm interested as a bull. when it's lost, I'll maybe watch for hourly oversold back burner. But, um, I loved it for trading on Friday for that followthrough and ended up, you know, my my first failed attempt loss was maybe a quarter day loser, a third of a day loser at most, and then ended up with a two-day maker on the second attempt, which was successful. And the only reason I had a second attempt is because I kept such a tight leash and tight risk management on the first attempt. I wanted to know if I'm wrong real quick. And I found out within a couple minutes, probably within two minutes, I found out I was wrong. If I had taken a day loser, you know, if I buy a 100 break and then we drop down to 95 94, uh oh, where's my stop? I got a bail. You know, we're down 10% almost. Uh I'm down a day loser. I'm done for the day. I hit my my stop loss in terms of I can't trade anymore today if I'm going to stick to my rules and not go on tilt. and then I missed that second opportunity. So, keeping your risk management tight is not only important to not lose money, but it's also important to keep yourself in the game, to keep yourself able to jump on the next opportunity. There's still a bunch of other setups to go over. OKLO uranium. So, we watching OKLO for a potential weekly cup and handle. And we started Tuesday was a tough one. Gap up. I mean, I like the fact that it was a gap up just because if we're gapping up, for me, that means be more cautious as a bull. I don't like buying gap up opens. We gapped up. We surged real quick to confirm the bull flag on the daily and then we gave it all back. The huge red flag there is as soon, again, the opposite of XBI. As soon as you give back the low of the day, big red flag. And so that red flag was fairly quickly. It was a big percentage loss. you know, if you're playing around up there, but look at how much it saves you. If you're going to break out and follow through, you hold that low of the day. As soon as you break 55, red flag. And then from 55, we end up dropping down another 9.6% over the next hour and a half. So, you've use that on the morning opening range. If you're trading the volatile morning open, the best longs are the ones that set their low of the day within the first five minutes and do not revisit that low. And something that very unusually I love pattern recognition. It's why trading is a fun game for me. Hims and OKLO are absolutely correlated. I don't know why. One's uranium and one is pills and health. But I am certain that there are traders and big money who have automated trading systems that are linked up to do the same things on these names. They were both bull flags. Granted, OKLO was a more shallow more smaller window of a bull flag in terms of time. Hims was more expanded, but it was the exact same thing last week. We gap up, we break the bull flag, we give it all back. We gap up, we break the bull flag, we give it all back. I'm not going to go, this video is already getting long, but if you look at the five-minute time frame, the 15 minute time frame of these two names on those two days, both Tuesday and Wednesday, they're doing the exact same thing. And you can see it on the daily charts as well. If you want the details, zoom in. They're there. But gap up, break, give it all back, bare follow through the next day, bare fall through the next day, hold a base of support, no real base of support on OKLO, but green candle Friday, break the high of Thursday. They're doing the same thing. So, I would suggest if you're trading either of these names actively, you got to be watching the other one for potential clues that eventually that correlation will fade and will no longer be there, but it's very glaringly there all week. And so it's worth paying attention to as long as it's there. So OKLO is trying to salvage a weekly bull flag. It is still possible. Obviously a big setback. Uh HIMS has a clear base of support. So bulls are playing off of that. That's a must hold. And again, the bull flags are still possible. Uh but those supports now need to hold if they're going to continue progressing. Uh, I'm not really caring much about these names in the short term. On the uranium side, I care much more about SMR and CCJ. Why? SMR already has an all-time high. It's not battling all-time high like OKLO. And CCJ I like because it's stronger in the short term. That's again, it's a it's a cup and handle psychology. You got the all-time high, you double top at the all-time high, and now you're forming a bull flag. And this is extremely healthy sideways daily consolidation after a two gap up big breakout. And again, if the broader market stays strong, CCJ is looking for an all-time high, especially as long as the higher lows keep going. So, I've got a CCJ swing. And again, you know, I'll exit. If if 5763 breaks, red flag. Simple statement. If 5367 holds as support, CCJ will see an all-time high. So, I'm watching those two names. Look at SMR. SMR. What does this remind me of? Pattern recognition. I've got a a a filing cabinet because I'm looking at charts all day and I've got a pretty good memory. I know what setups look like in the sense that SMR confirmed a daily downtrend with no follow-through and is now looking like a weekly bull flag. We know when you confirm a downtrend with no follow-through, I guess we didn't even start weekly consolidation, but when you confirm a downtrend with no follow-through, you zoom out and scout a bull flag. So, I'm watching a two-day potential bull flag on SMR. What does this chart remind me of on SMR? It reminds me of gold and silver miners on the weekly chart. Look at GDX on the weekly. Let's do a little side by side here. SMR daily, GDX weekly, big breakout, higher low, healthy, lower high, lower low. Uh-oh. Are we about to lose it? Are we about to roll over? No, we hold EMA12. We're just fine. Lower high, lower low. Uh-oh. No, we hold EMA12 as we held it here and we held it here. We're just fine. Two week bull flag confirmed in miners this week. ended with some profit taking Friday, but uh bulls keeping their control. And so watching can SMR do the same thing. Again, not a not a one for one correlation between these two things either, but it's just the patterns the same thing. And you know that when you look at 100,000 charts that you will find many consistent patterns on how price action behaves. And so we'll see if that ends up playing out. But as long as the broader market maintains daily uptrends, all of these bullish setups have my top attention. Again, can't watch everything. So, I'm watching CCJ for uranium. SMR would be my number two that I'm watching. And I'm watching QBTS for quantum also watching crypto stocks. Why? Bitcoin to end this past week hit the lowest level in weeks. It looks like a potential bull flag. I'm watching for a Bitcoin weekly higher low. Very healthy consolidation at this point. But we hit the lowest level in four weeks. So why are the miners which have been notoriously weaker than Bitcoin for months, six plus months, consistently weaker? But miners on Friday like Art Riot hits the highest level in months that glaringly stands out to me as a rotation is taking place. Coin and MSTR have been the stocks to lead the crypto bull move. April and May, MSTR, April and May, all bulls. While they were doing that, the miners like Riot were bouncing much weaker, not making a dent in the drop from the last six months. Now the shift is underway. Look at Riot divided by MSTR. This is the strongest that it has been in over a month, six weeks. There's rotation taking place. So, I'm keeping a close eye on Riot, a low cap miner. Wolf is also a leader. Both of these names have confirmed little weekly bull flags for the first time in six months. That gets my attention. So, simple statement. If Bitcoin keeps healthy weekly consolidation, if Bitcoin keeps defending $100,000 support, I'm anticipating rotation to continue to these miners and for them to be a top watch for the bulls. So, we're going to watch for an hourly higher low on Riot. We'll watch for a daily higher low eventually. We want to see short-term oversold conditions mark longer term higher lows. Uh but just watching for it. We always want to be getting a sense of where the money is shifting to. And I'm watching is the crypto stock market money shifting to the miners. Finally, commodities dollar testing the weekly lows, watching for the possibility that we get a weekly higher low and tighten up, but still bearish control, daily downtrend. As a metal bull, I hope we break support, but definitely anticipating the possibility that we keep tightening up. Gold possibly setting a weekly lower high. I was watching this 4hour rising wedge, which confirmed. So, I was watching this 4hour rising wedge and saying if this 4hour rising wedge confirms, the probabilities of a weekly lower high will increase significantly. I'm all silver focused, but I know that if gold is topping out and staying tight, that's going to put a little bit of a leash on silver. I'm still loving what we're seeing out of silver, I would rather have all meadows in breakout mode. But if gold can trade healthy sideways, again, this is the way the rotation game takes place. This is a good video. long, but good. The way the rotation game takes place, if you're familiar with crypto, where it's most obvious, it's Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, and then once Bitcoin finds a sideways range after a breakout and trades sideways, the rotation goes to altcoins. So, we're hoping that it's gold, gold, gold, bulls, now gold is sideways. Does the rotation go to silver? The answer this past week is yes. Very clearly, we hope that continues. But again, the possibility is there that gold may set this weekly lower high. What instrument is that? I don't know what I pushed. I just want my lines here. Here we go. Uh weekly resistance. So, potential lower high. You know, if we set that lower high, that's all right. I hope we keep holding EMA 12 and I hope we form a higher low compared to 3120. But sideways is okay. Again, after a monster bull move, nothing wrong with sideways. We've been in a monthly monster bull move. Here was sideways before another leg up. Sideways is okay. Speaking of sideways, there's psychedelic names to be watching. All right, we'll do psychedelic after this. Um, silver. So, why has silver been my top watch? Silver has been my top watch for weeks because I anticipated that this sideways range had a higher probability to break bull than bear because of gold strength. And I loved the fact that we have a double top at 13-year highs. What's the theme of this video? I'm looking long on names that have long-term resistance, multiple tops right at the same level, and then when you break, you get the followrough. Again, it's not a cup and handle, but it's the same kind of psychology. top out at resistance, healthy consolidation, break the double resistance level. Silver performed beautifully. We got XAU, XAG falling apart. That's beautiful. That's glaring rotation. The key for this range is we needed again a checklist. Okay, give me a silver bull break. Give me an X aux bear break. then I know it's all systems go for silver and sized up uh ended up adding to junior miners on this beautiful 4hour equilibrium. So we get the bull break on silver. We then trade with a 4hour tightening range giving second chance opportunity. Here's your go long second chance another leg up. It's all looking great. My simple statement for silver is if 4hour EMA 12 is holding bulls have absolutely nothing to worry about. I will size down a little bit just because I went aggressive. I will size down a little bit if we lose 4hour EMA 12. Then we'll zoom out. We'll look for a daily higher low. We'll hope that hourly oversold marks a daily higher low. If the bulls are going to keep their control, you know, we've had some back burners. Where was it? So, a back burner here. 15-minute oversold was near that low. We've got a five minute near that low. When was that? That was Thursday. So, we are seeing some short-term back burners working here, which is great. That's what we want for breakout. But more importantly, we're at 13-year highs and we are in breakout mode. Everybody, you've heard a million times, silver squeeze. Maybe keep up the pressure. The next major resistance zone is in the 35s. We did get over it, so that's great. But up at 3750 now. So, here where we topped out back 14 years ago. Reject, reject, reject. Initially, we rejected. Let's get through this and turn this into support. My target is upper 30s. I mean, ideally, alltime, if it's going to be a silver squeeze, we're going to alltime highs. But, uh, I'm not going to shoot through the moon here. Definitely going to leave runner bull positions until, you know, I I've been in a silver position for a long time, uh, as long as monthly EMA 12 keeps holding. And there were many times where I was bummed that I still had a small piece of silver. And obviously, that's no longer the case. But if you're of a longer term mindset, again, another theme of this video, EMA12 rider. If daily EMA2 is support for the NASDAQ, bulls have nothing to worry about. If if monthly EMA 12 is support for silver, long-term bulls have nothing to worry about. Just plenty of examples. So, we'll see if the silver bulls can keep this momentum going. 4hour uptrend. We know daily consolidation will be inevitable. We've now gone straight up. Well, not straight up, sideways consolidation, but we've gone 11% since last daily consolidation. So, we know it's eventually coming. Uh, the junior miners versus the senior miners. GDXJ is who you focus on when silver is leading and GDX is who you focus on when gold is leading. GDXJ divided by GDX is at the highest levels that we've seen in three plus years. That's great. So, what did I do? I had senior miners. I exited them as soon as I forget which day, but end of this week. I exited my my bull senior minor position that I've been holding for a while. Again, weekly EMA 12 with your guide, but I added Jay Nug, the leveraged version of GDXJ when silver was doing that 4hour equilibrium. So, I added on Tuesday. I sell a little bit into strength and now my break even stop is under the low of Tuesday and maybe I'll stop out. The miners led this move. They were showing relative strength before before silver broke out and now we're pulling back into daily consolidation while silver was holding on just fine. So the relative weakness on Friday of these miners does stand out. So maybe I'll stop out of that aggressive ad position. We'll see. But definitely going to be looking for a daily higher low on silver next consolidation. Oil and then we'll go to psychedelics at the end. Thanks for sticking with me. Oil got our bull break to bare break 60 again. You often get information. Bulls gave us information by breaking support. How? Double bottom and you break it with zero follow-through straight into a big daily bounce. Great sign for bulls. We then end up breaking our weekly equilibrium bullish and we hit the highest level that oil has seen in months. So now we zoom out to the monthly and we do remind ourselves that we're looking for a monthly lower high to be the result of this bounce. But the bulls clearly have some short-term momentum in their favor. And what the bulls want to see is enough follow-th through that they can hold 64s on a back test. Ideal scenario for a bull. Start this week with a little upside. Next consolidation, hold this back test. Turn that resistance zone into support. Natural gas. I haven't looked at natural gas. So trying to build a base again. The base is there. 350s. Anything under 419 will be a weekly lower high. This sideways tightening range has to break bull for a monthly higher low to be set. So bulls are putting up a fight trying for that monthly higher low. Psychedelic names M&amp;MD is sideways was sideways. Again, this reminds me of QBTS. Just instantly the pattern pops into my head. Oh yeah, I just looked at something that looked just like this. Let's just compare real quick. Again, quantum and psychedelics. Not a whole lot of similarities. Big breakout, daily higher, higher low, lower high, hold EMA 12 again, bull break, breakout, higher low off EMA 12, lower high, hold EMA 12 again, breakout. Try and have that library in there. Oh, yeah. It helps with comfort. Oh, I've seen this before. You can go back and look and say, well, I want it to do exactly this. Okay. Anyways, M&amp;MD again, highest riskreward sector in stocks. One of the top is these psychedelic names. As long as daily EMA 12 is support, the bulls have control. We are battling $8 psychological, but again, just trying to form a long-term bottom and keeping a little bit of momentum. The biotech sector being bullish definitely helps these names. ATAI has been my focus. Not loving Friday's candle, but hoping that it's similar sideways consolidation after a breakout as it was back here. I think I highlighted this one. Forgetting what video, but got another again, you know, 30% follow-through, very high risk, high reward. This one is testing monthly equilibrium resistance trying to hit multiple year-over-year highs and put in a long-term balancing scales bottom. And so we are fighting 257. If we reject, we will look for a daily higher low or a weekly higher low. But very key long-term resistance test because things again we are in the constricting range for years. I look at it on five minute constricting ranges like CRCL. This is one for years. If this constricting range breaks bull, we can see some followthrough, especially if there's some kind of headline catalyst which could potentially take place. So, I'm still watching these names. CYBN is another one. Again, just first weekly uptrend in a very long time. It doesn't look like much, but this is an 80% 90% gain off the lows in a few is an 80% 90% gain off the lows in a few is an 80% 90% gain off the lows in a few months. So when you are on top of these names, when the momentum does shift, again, bears forever, but a bit of momentum shift, it can very quickly be worthwhile. So I will continue to be watching these names all year for the possibility of a headline catalyst and knowing that they are thinly traded enough. And again, just watch the ETF PSI, which has zero volume. You know, we are averaging $150,000 a day. If we start averaging millions of dollars, that means big money is getting interested. Pay attention to that as well, but not going to cover it as much in these broader market videos just because it's more of a niche kind of thing. I like trading low cap volatility. It's definitely where I got my roots as a trader. First four years of my career. Feeling light in the head from talking too much. I appreciate you watching. Do good things. Like and subscribe. Okay. All right. We're going to harvest some breakfast. The first fruits are starting to be ready. We got some raspberries. More raspberries. These are purple here. These honey berries. Got a couple different varieties of peas now. Ready. Sugar snap. These are all blackberries that will come later. But the black raspberries are ready